
Used to flip burgers, pancakes, and other round, flat foods. Can also be used as a fly swatter.
A big orange fruit that tastes really bad unless it is fully ripe.
Wind is no problem if you build your house with these.
It makes your voice louder, but it makes you sound weird, too.
Listen to two different sounds just by flipping it over!
A machine that removes the skin from fruit. Beware! Some fruit is tastier unpeeled.
People come here to get brain freeze.
A place where they roast up yellow, cylindrical vegetables.
Apples coated with candy are sold here. It tastes marvelous, but you'll need a few wet tissues after eating.
Clothing for the feet. Starts to stink if you wear them long enough.
Clothing for the feet. Recently, socks with separated toes are also popular.
Use this to make friends with people you never even met. You can even send letters and photos!
A handy item that erases stuff. Shame it can't erase the past.
A handy item that erases stuff. Nobody knows where things go once erased...
Apparently it's fun to try balancing the ball on the concave part.
Shrimp covered in batter. It must be too modest to go on the dinner table naked.
A tool for scooping and picking up food. Not as handy as a spork. Some people like to bend them.
Sometimes it's easier to scoop things on this instead of skewering them.
Nothing will happen until you throw this. If you don't, the entire team will get angry at you.
Used to gather and carry garbage. Easiest to get the garbage in the slanted bit.
So sweet and luscious, they had to seal it away in a can for its own safety.
A wondrous tool that makes dark places bright. Also appears above your head when you have a good idea.
How many digits can it count up to? Nobody knows.
A thick book packed with numbers. Apparently used to talk to strangers.
Setting this in the shoe cupboard will get you into a big trouble.
It feels pretty awkward when you get one from someone you forgot to send one to.
A noble floor covering that never loses its composure, even when stepped on.
You can make a fine wall with these. Fine until someone knocks a hole in it, at least.
It looks clean enough. Spreading out a blanket for your lady to sit on is considered polite.
People's heads undergo amazing transformations near this pole.
Drag the bristly bit on the floor to whisk away garbage. Goes great with dustpans.
Gather and carry garbage with this. A little fancier than the home model.
A box with assorted notices inside. Some people like to peek inside it several times a day.
A machine that removes wrinkles from flat things. It blows out steam, but that doesn't mean it's angry.
A box that spits out balls when you spin it. A bell rings out and embarrasses you if you win first prize.
Often reincarnated as a book or a roll of toilet paper.
A bag filled with unwanted stuff.
A bowl for your dog. Food in it may look yummy, but don't be fooled. It's meant for doggy taste buds.
A pot for flowers. Hence the name.
It looks like a turtle egg, but actually, it's used for some kind of sport.

We hear this is filled with memories, but We don't see anything inside...
A machine that catches mosquitoes with a heated panel. Apparently only a special kind of panel works.
An expert at killing mosquitoes. If it loses its color, it's not long for this world.
A special delicacy made with many types of food stacked on top of each other.
We're not sure why, but cats apparently hate this.
Gives you the right direction when you're lost. Not too useful if you're emotionally lost.
Made out of paper, and yet strong enough to keep milk inside. Can be recycled over and over again.
People like these so much, they'll look for a pair even when one's already perched on their forehead.
A ring with a very expensive sparkly stone on it. Women are attracted to these.
A ring with a black stone on it. Kind of pretty.
A ring with a bright red stone on it. Kind of cute.
A ring with a green stone on it. We feel like We are being sucked in.
Actors don't start acting until you clap this. Don't go clapping it willy-nilly.
A marvelous invention. You can carry liquids in the round bit. Great for tasting soup.
A piping-hot, oddly-shaped food. They probably got that way from people mushing them all together.
Sliced thin for easy eating. Much hotter than you'd expect.
A sugary food eaten by children. Given out by mothers everywhere.
Everyone's favorite hero is back... as a mask. Is this what they mean by "facing justice"?
Makes a small flame, but only if you scratch it against the correct object. Not really as popular as they used to be.
A mask depicting a very sly and cunning animal. He likes jumping over lazy dogs.
Apparently somebody's real face. It'd be a bad idea to hang it in the bathroom.
Putting this on during a festival gets you so worked up that you just start dancing!
A mischievous imp who is always vanquished in Japanese fairy tales.
The red version was such a hit that they put out a blue one. Not quite as popular with children.
Friends with Blue and Red. Good for playing the hero's sidekick's cousin.
A notepad with a policeman's photograph on it. Bad guys run away when they see this.
A tool to erase letters. Wedge this above the door to make your teacher angry when he comes in.
You bop things with this. Important people rap their desks with it to get some peace and quiet.
A tool to bash nails into objects. Don't hit your thumb!
Spin it around and around and you can take apart big machines.
A tool used to turn those screws with the little plus signs on top.
The head is a bit different from that other screwdriver.
If it sticks in you, it hurts a lot. Ninjas toss these out from between their hands.
A wad of rice with a piece of red fish stuck on top. Fish with rice on top apparently doesn't work as well.
Watch out for the yellowish-green bit inside. It's spicy.
The fatty part of the tuna is very delicious. Comes in medium-grade and high-grade cuts. Low-grade doesn't seem to exist.
A soft yellow block on top of rice. We have yet to see this swimming in the ocean.
We wonder what this strange object on top of the rice is. We hear it's very sticky.
Different in color from the shrimp in the ocean. Watch out, as this one may have a spicy green trap inside, too.

This object's job is to keep papers from blowing away. We have yet to find another use for it.
A black liquid for drawing letters and paintings. Hard to remove once it gets on your clothes.
You put black water in the crevice. Of course, the stone itself is also black, so how can you tell?
A reed-like plant that shoots straight out of the earth. A sign of spring.
Talk into this and your voice is amplified. Some people won't let it go when singing karaoke.



Instead of sweet cream, there's cooked meat inside. Soft and tasty.
Police officers used to carry this. Now it's more of a souvenir item.
A delicious food created by putting food inside other food. Would you like fries with that?
It can hold many different drink flavors. Sucking it through the thin tube is apparently the height of fashion.
A crispy, juicy meal made from chicken. Made by old men with white goatees and black bow ties.
Your voice gets a little louder when talking into this. Secrets told through it soon stop being secrets.
Catches invisible waves in some kind of invisible way.
Thin, yet deep at the same time. Some of these look like even We could draw them.
Put the things you want in here. Of course, you'll need money too.
Transports heavy items around with ease. It can also carry children, but carrying adults in it is frowned upon.
A sturdy piece of baggage. There is obviously something very important inside.
Contains important work documents. Probably contains other, less boring stuff, too.
What happens to a squid if it forgets to drink enough. The more you chew, the better it tastes.
Watches over the crops when no farmers are around. Its one weakness is that it can't turn around.
A bunch of pictures put together into a story. Like TV, except slower.
Equipment that protects your head from harm during sword fights. Tends to stink of sweat after a while.
Some people fight each other with these. Not very sharp, but still painful when hit in the wrong place.
Often used to store delicious beverages. We wish We had one of those. The rolling ones are usually empty.
Makes sounds when you press its keys. Some haunted ones play by themselves at the stroke of midnight!
A shining, sparkling tree. We hear it comes but once a year.
A jolly old man in red owned this shoe. He gave the other one to a child as a present.
Someone probably lives in here. Good thing they're out for the day.
A jolly fat guy who delivers toys to good children. We feel sorry for the poor reindeer.
Sticks out far more than the tree. Our stars still can beat it.
Has the power to control cars with just a flick of its fingers.
A blue ball. It may look like Earth, but don't be fooled. This is smaller.
A red ball. It may look like the sun, but oddly, it's not warm at all.
A yellow ball. It may look like the moon, but it's clearly not made of cheese.
Turns the streets all white when it falls from the sky.
People jump over these by spreading their legs really, really far apart. Padded to prevent crotch pain.
The son of the top step. He can never seem to outclass his old man.
The brother of the 2nd step. He trains daily so that he can take on the top step someday.
Step 3's little sister. She's back after a long absence. It's good to see her again.
Step 4's little brother. He's bright and youthful, but a little bashful.
Step 5's cousin. He really wants to switch places with step 10, but knows that society would never allow it.
Step 6's second cousin. Wants to chat with Step 2, but just can't seem to get close enough.
Step 7's friend. Quite cheerful. You'd have to suck pretty bad to not be able to jump over the stack.
An acquaintance of step 8. Very reserved. Usually asked to watch the house when everyone else is gone.
Occasionally passes by step 9. Short in stature, but the largest of the group.
Find out your weight by stepping on this. People often get angry at it for telling the truth.
Quietly gauges your gripping power. We are sure it must be very painful work.
Put the stick on your head to measure your height. It doesn't work for people over two meters high.
They say this is fish, but We detect a hint of chicken.
A mysterious white box. Regrettably, there's no treasure inside.
A solid red can. Playing kick-the-can with this will probably hurt your feet.
Often seen in great piles by the docks. There's probably nothing too interesting inside, though.
A tube filled with liquid. Fill it with hot water and it's a bath!

Children in a classroom sit on it. Adult tushies are too big for it.
Carving your name on it doesn't mean it's yours forever, so be careful.
A wondrous leaf that turns red at a certain time. We have seen this on a flag somewhere before.

A wondrous leaf that turns yellow at a certain time. The odor of the seeds is quite disagreeable.
When a judge asks you to post bail, this is not what he is talking about.
Things may jump out into the street all the time, so when this sign's around, be especially careful.
The great majority of cars on the street look like this.
This car's butt is rounder than most.
Lots of people can ride in it, but only one person can drive.
Judging by its size, this car is meant for children.
Some miscreant has stolen most of this car's roof. They didn't get the tires, so it still runs okay.
A very square car. People hit their heads on the rear hatch surprisingly often.
A machine that digs up soil. Driving it on paved roads will make people angry.
A machine used to harvest rice and things. Giant fields are no match for this.
A very slow car. Best for leisurely people.
It's not a boat, but it is a house. Don't be fooled.
A solid plate with lots of depressions, used to make takoyaki. Popular with people from Osaka.
A hollow container used to store drink. Not very conveniently shaped.
A small shed filled with Junk. Sometimes children like to play in here.
Come in here, and you get to ride in a boat. However, they won't lend you a rower.
Very alluring, yes, but touching it results only in burnt fingers.
A popular ingredient for Oden. A daikon radish soaked in soup is very soft.
A mark put on cars driven by novices. Be kind to them.
A mark put on cars driven by the elderly.
A tank filled with water for the general public. Don't you dare pee in here.
A tool used to catch fish. It often catches trash as well.
A tool for enticing fish in assorted treacherous ways. Look out, little guys!
Emits some type of electrical wave. They say it's safe...
Without this, people would be tripping in the gutters all the time.
A solid iron panel that keeps people from falling into the gutter.
You can see through all the holes in this cover. What's on the other side?
Useful for sea voyages. It's fun to ride, but not to row.
Some kind of invisible gas is inside. It could even be empty for all We know.
Pound rice in this to make mochi. Apparently it's all the rage in Japan.
Use this to make Japanese mochi. It and the mortar are best buddies.
Throw in some coins to see faraway objects. Don't, and you can't even see near ones!
Everyone seems to know what this is, but nobody knows what it's used for. We are pretty sure it's not a house.
It has wings, but no matter how hard you pedal, it just won't take off.
A ring that floats in water. People enjoy sitting on it and getting flipped over.
A stamp sometimes used in place of a signature. Once you stamp something with it, you can't take it back.
Makes your Hanko stamp red. Makes your fingers the same color.
You had best talk quickly if you're down to your last coin.
It's transparent, so you can see everything that's inside.
A box for certain kinds of trash. Putting the wrong trash inside is bad karma.
He really would have preferred being used as some kind of toy instead of just being a bucket.
Holds a lot more than the indoor type. It's still trash, though.
A bunch of daikon radishes. Tastes very plain, but rich in vitamin D.
A bunch of bunches of cabbage leaves. That's a lot of leaves!
A wooden bridge that doesn't quite make it all the way across.
Ring the little bell to shoo people out of your way.
Storekeepers get angry if you read the magazines here without buying anything.



A wonderfully entertaining device. It even makes juice for you.
A device that makes clacking sounds while counting numbers. Regrettably, it cannot count blessings.
A bag full of stuff. Put too much in, and you'll be glued to the floor.
A box full of highly flammable water.
Milk goes in this box every morning. Letters go in a different box.
Creates electricity when it spins clockwise. What happens when it spins counter-clockwise?
If you saw this too much, you'll end up with nothing but chopsticks.
A bunch of leaves. You peel, and you peel, and it's still just a bunch of leaves.
A place to get your hair cut. Also useful when you've got an itch you can't quite reach.
A house filled with all sorts of stuff. Most of it is junk, so We really wouldn't want to live here.
Too hard to eat as is, but boil it up and it's apparently quite sweet and tasty.
Friend to the squash. It may be yellow, but it tastes nothing like a banana. Don't be fooled.
Fruits, vegetables and other plants grow up to be big and strong in here. We would be too bashful to live here Ourselves.
When one of these is up, everyone gathers around in anticipation.
There's only cloth on top, so it's not very wind-resistant.
It may look fancy, but it's just a normal table with a fancy cloth on it.

A place to sit down and admire the view. Can also be used for romantic dates.
The Red Oni's blue friend. He doesn't like beans any more than the red one.
Since this one's green, maybe he actually likes beans...?
Put some vegetables in here, leave it for a while, and wonderful food results. Don't forget the stone on top!
What a worthless vehicle. It has wheels, but you still have to push it!
A true professional. We have yet to see him frown.
A tower made of stones. Sometimes seen in gardens. We are amazed nobody ever tries to climb it.
Used to plow the earth. Makes great huge clanging sounds when you hit a rock.
A tool used to dig holes. Watch you don't dig so far down that you can't get out.
Used primarily by barbarians and people wearing hockey masks.
A giant doll straight from the Siberian Express. It must've been cold.
If you make a house with this, you might attract a wolf's attention.
Fuel for campfires. Now all We need are some marshmallows.
This may be small, but you still aren't allowed to go through it.
You can peek through the holes in the mesh, but you still can't go through it.
You want to see the view, but you don't want to fall over. Handrails to the rescue!
A fence made by hammering some wooden boards together. Pretty rickety.
A plain old wall. No one's managed to batter through this one yet.
Long, but still pretty rickety. A bit harder to pull out than the shorter version.
A loooong wall. Stray cats use it as a kind of highway at night.
That sharp, pointy end is just itching to poke some holes in things.
Those tiger stripes must be some kind of warning.
Soft and runny, yet tastes like strawberries. It would be nice to have some bread to spread this on.
A nice, round tree. Someone is obviously taking good care of it... but who?
It's called a bed, but flowers don't just sleep here.
A vital piece of civic decoration. Its lush greenery warms the hearts of anyone who passes by.
Sometimes contains a wonderful present. Sometimes contains a fruitcake.
Green for now, but when it grows up, it may become a completely different color.
Put a letter in here, and it mysteriously appears at the address written on the envelope.
A flower you can pick up and take with you. Don't forget to bring some earth along.
Park your car next to this, and a bigger car will take it someplace else. We are not sure where.
Brightens up the road when it's dark. Insects seem to love them.
Buildings that suddenly appear and disappear on empty lots. Often spotted near construction sites.
Home sweet home for your car. There's no kitchen or bathroom though.
A box on a lonely journey. Always being thrown into ships and airplanes.
Sells all kinds of noise-making devices. Many long-haired people lurk inside.
This is how you know the name of the music store.
A shop filled with all manner of school supplies. Homework answers are not for sale.
The stationery store's name is written on it.
You can call people with this. People can call you here, too, but it's rather rare.
A very small, but well-appointed apartment, with great views. Close to the bus stop and convenience store.
A small tree commonly found along the roadside. Many bugs and other gross things live here.
The man living here buys lottery tickets at least once a year, but he never wins anything.
This is what you run into when you're walking down the street and looking at something else.
This family is considering moving overseas soon.
Sparrows make pit stops at the top. Dogs make pit stops of their own at the bottom.



A bric-a-brac shop owned by a weird old guy. A bit of an odd selection, but perhaps treasure lurks inside.
Were it not for this sign, We would have no idea what the store's name was.
A tree found lining the side of tropical roadways. Often seen in not-so-tropical areas nowadays.
A place to become one with nature, but it's hard to get TV reception this far from the city.
You can pack all sorts of food in here. Big eaters love them.
Everyone who comes here dreams of what they'll do once they hit the jackpot.
Even if you buy all of the tickets, you won't necessarily win. We suppose you can only pray that won't happen.
Occasionally changes without you even noticing. Always very annoying when that happens.
We have yet to hear of any quails in the area.
One side is sharp, but the other is not. However, either side is fairly painful.
Sit here to get out of the rain while you wait. Long waits tend to result in stress.
A tube filled with the energy to make other things move. Some last longer than others.
A house for scurrying insects. Once they check in, they never seem to check out.
A house for sleeping outdoors. Looks like a pyramid, but beware! The person inside is still alive.
A large falling stone. Grows larger and larger as it rolls.
You can't have summer without these. We always feel empty after setting them off for some reason.
You only see this around the new year in Japan. The bamboo part is more decorative than the pine, really.
Birds and small animals call this home. It seems like a nice enough place to live.
What is this tree? We're stumped.
Used to stop the flowers and plants inside from escaping.
A place where you're allowed to park your car. The spaces are a little narrow, though.
These games are a pain. We know what to do, but Our fingers aren't fast enough...
Ideally, the number on this sign should be small.



Floats lazily on top of lakes. Frogs are known to enjoy this.
It appears that only rich frogs can get on this.
Floats lazily on top of lakes. Princely amphibians sit on these.
A trendy fish that has found its own style.
Protects the peace in his neighborhood. Polices it, if you will.
A box that suddenly locks tightly when you put money inside. Good for storing important stuff.
A small tree or plant grown inside a tiny box. Elderly people treasure them.
Many a student's dreams have come true under this sign.
A store that sells fried balls with bits of octopus inside. They burn your mouth if you eat them too quickly.
Your current location. Sometimes a lot harder to find than you'd expect.
A fancy radio that has one tape player for each speaker... We think.
Important messages hang under this balloon, drifting gently in the wind.
Good at pumping water, it seems. If you're lucky, you may tap into a hot spring.
Festivals in Japan aren't really festivals unless someone is carting one of these around.
A person on top, a fish down below. Occasionally falls in love with regular human beings.
In high demand during the summer. People's eyes spin from watching it.
A bloodsucking insect. Your skin gets all red and itchy if one of these bites you.
Lie back and relax on this big chair. Do not use it as a driver's seat. You may fall asleep.
A thrilling game where you dodge enemy bullets. Hopefully they won't hit anything off-screen...
Walking in these makes a very nice sound. They look very painful to wear though...
This smooth, shiny shoe keeps water out. It keeps water in, too!
For children, and therefore cute and tiny. With this, rainy days are fun days!
A car that enjoys stuffing garbage into its maw. Not a finicky eater, thankfully.
A high, windowless wall. Whoever put this up must really have something to hide.
A car for carrying heavy objects around. You can often hear country music coming from inside.
A loooong vehicle that runs a set route. Often runs late.
They put up this pole and string so that the fish wouldn't fly away.
The biggest, most reliable carp... as long as there's a good wind, that is.
Magoi's first right-hand man. Swims happily in the air.
Magoi's second right-hand man. Still a child, it seems.
Swims along with the carp streamers. We are fairly sure this is not a fish.
Obviously very happy. She must have gotten a piece of corn out from her teeth.
People put their butts on this. Every bottom is like a new chapter in its life story.
A round toy you go inside and spin around in. Not very fun unless you have at least two people.
A toy that goes up and down. Not meant to measure weight, but it often turns out that way.
A well-ventilated structure made of iron bars. The upper levels are the most popular.
Provides a brief moment of fun in exchange for several seconds of thankless toil.
Families gather around this warm table in winter. Cats like it too, so watch your step.
Packed full of unnecessary items. Entire islands have been made from this stuff.
A board used to ride on waves. Apparently it's more fashionable to stand up on it than to lie stomach down.
Put this under your bottom before you sit down. People also throw these after a really good sumo match.
Cook fish with this, and you'll attract a hungry crowd in a hurry.
This one is for adults. It can carry a lot of weight, making it invaluable for shopping trips.
Pedal this vehicle to go forward. Difficult to use if your legs are too long.
A bag made out of paper. The bottom will fall out if you put in too many things, so be careful.
Used to heat up rooms. Occasionally enclosed in a protective cage.
A large stone. We're not exactly sure what it's for.
Lots of handles make this wheel easy to turn.
Used to water flowers, amongst other things. If you have some soap, you can even wash your hands.
A great person who sat cross-legged for a long time.
Look at this to get an idea of the planet's shape. It feels smooth, but the real thing is much rougher.
People used to walk the streets at night carrying these. Some deep-sea fish still use them today.
A tool for getting a clear look at the stars. Don't forget to close one eye before using it.
Easy to break down when it's time to move. Good for outdoorsy types.
A shiny gold object. Having lots of these lined up on the shelf makes people feel content.
Great for cooking beef, pork, chicken, crab, fish, and anything else you can eat.
A pot used for boiling slices of meat. Apparently the part in the center is nothing too important.
A bike used for delivering pizzas. Fairly normal specs, considering its need for speed.
A bike used for deliveries. Looks different from the pizza bike, but both are basically the same thing.
A leisure device that makes an unbelievable racket. When lined up in rows, things get even louder.
Put enough of these together, and you can build your own house!
A rather sturdy-looking case. Want to hop up on it and start singing? No problem.
Couples carrying this will probably be feeding each other grapes before too long.
When it rings, the fight starts. Do you have the eye of the tiger?
Normally used for fighting, but some people like to shout into microphones here instead.
Courageous objects that are always getting knocked over by bowling balls, but always get back up again.
A statue of the King of Beasts. Sometimes seen drooling water into fountains.
Apparently worth two months' salary. Certainly seems sturdy enough.
A guy made from rolled-up snow. He will usually disappear by the afternoon.
A tool that brightens up the surroundings. Rarely used indoors.
Makes a deep, vibrant sound when hit. Doesn't work if you hit the solid bit on the edge.
A fairly cheap-looking toilet. We would not want to be stuck in here without any toilet paper.
A small bike that's faster than a bicycle, but slower than a car. One rider only, please.
A tube that shoots out pretty sparks. Do not point it at people.
Shoots out sparks like a volcano. Always a letdown when it burns out.
We wonder if these signs come in single, double, and suite configurations as well.
Breaking this is much more serious than breaking a normal plate.
He's not very big for a Jumboman, but he still fights for justice.
Proper balance will get you anywhere you want to go in life.
You can get your hair washed here. The rest of your body will have to wait until you get home.
We wonder what's inside. Probably whatever We ordered earlier.
A wondrous tool that makes small things big. You can't see people's feelings with it, however.
A broom-like grass. It's good for tickling people.
Glass tubes filled with icky liquid. Perfect for blowing up the basement.
Lets you hear music and important information. Unfortunately, it doesn't answer any of your questions.
A place that sells all manner of books. The owner gets angry at people who stand around reading for too long.
If you aren't sure what's making you sick, you should visit a hospital before coming here.
A machine that emits pleasant sounds. Doesn't compare with the real thing, however.
Tends to get in your way, but apparently also helps people at times.
Used to visit outer space. There's no air out there, so don't go opening the door or anything.
Board this and you'll have a gorgeous time sleeping and eating on the ocean. Living the dream!

An iron object that flies through the sky. First class and economy seats are available.

It's filled with flammable water. Hot guys and girls should keep their distance.
Unfortunately, you still can't ride on this.
Add a little color to your life with this blue block.
A large building filled with people doing something called "videogame localization," whatever that is. Doesn't sound very important.
People are working hard inside. Sometimes sleeping, too.
For lifting big things. Some smaller ones can pick up stuffed animals and toys.
You can't see it, but it's there. Watching you.
Wrap this around food to keep it fresh longer. Some people wrap it around
their bodies.
It's filled with powder used to clean clothes. Smells kind of fresh.
Recommended for frequent sneezers. You always run out when you least expect it.
A box filled with nicely-folded thin white sheets. It seems a shame to blow your nose on them.
There are many different brands, but they're mostly the same. The softer the better, We say.
Try not to use more than you need. It's only polite.
A wall made of wooden boards. People usually keep bonsai plants behind these.
Highly ventilated. You can even see through it from the outside!
It may say all you can eat, but there's usually a time limit involved.
Shops with this sign are often attacked by swarms of middle-aged women. Hopefully this one is prepared.
Apparently, you're not supposed to swim here. Fish are exempt, however.
Cushion with a backrest. Often found in Japanese-style rooms.
So light and fluffy, it's hard to believe this was once a tree.
A doll that's supposed to bring clear skies. If you hang it upside down, you may get rain instead.
A machine that heats up your room. We wonder where the fire is.
A place where airplanes gather. Trains get together someplace else.
Airplanes receive directions from this tower. Ignoring them would be a really bad idea.
A wooden pot filled with rice. Putting bread in here is a major faux pas.
It's polite to give the candy inside to guests before they leave.
The water that comes out of the spout looks like rain. Apparently, you can even make rainbows.
We have a good feeling about this gate. Perhaps it will bring happiness to lovers who pass through.
A very fancy gate. You can tell because of all the curvy bits.
Put flowers and water in here. The flowers need the water, so try not to drink it yourself.
A sturdy box that protects valuables. Not a good idea to forget the combination.
Hopefully you aren't in a rush when it starts to close.
Footwear shaped like an animal. You don't have to feed it, luckily.
Polished to a fine veneer. Apparently worn to stodgy affairs.
Easy slip-on, slip-off action. Some of the more fashionable kinds have fancier names.
A shoe made for very small children. They sometimes have pictures of superheroes on them.
Footwear that makes soft padding sounds. Also used to battle insects.
The poles on the back make the wearer a bit taller, but it makes it more difficult to run.
Good on days when you're walking a lot. The pattern on the bottom wears away over time.
We thought they put the wrong body on these tires, but apparently it wasn't a mistake.
Things stick together when you screw this into them. Things fall apart when you screw the other way.
If you don't have something to turn the screw, you're screwed.
A vehicle that picks things up to higher places. Not very useful for fishing.
It's always hot and dry near these. We wish the owner would take it inside already.
Even though it is called a space center, it is not actually the center of space. It's even got oxygen.
Nothing stops this vehicle. It often has giant piles of dirt in front of it.
A place where adults go to hang out with other adults.
In Japan, some people hit these like a piñata. We think it would be easier without the blindfold.
Flattens anything in its path. Good for when you packed too much luggage for your vacation.
Filled with sticks that catch fire when you swipe them. Poor little girls sell these in fairy tales.
Fearsome sounds always emanate from this place. Apparently they sell gold and silver here, too.
Squeeze the bottle, and tart white stuff comes out. It's best not to drown your food in this.
Stripey on the outside, red on the inside. They say there are yellow ones, but We have never seen one.
This vehicle is good at making holes. They still haven't dug all the way to China, however.
A ship propelled by a large piece of cloth. Completely at the mercy of the wind.
Apparently you can wander around in this. We think it would be faster to go straight there.
A very loud vehicle. It must be broken. Someone should look into it.
Two people sit around this board and stare at it for hours. Perhaps they're too embarrassed to move.
There are lots of pieces like this, but this one is the strongest. It's pretty weak without its retainers.
It looks like the real thing, but there's an extra dot on it. Nobody seems to have noticed yet.
A noble piece that moves horizontally and vertically. If it's that powerful, why isn't it king yet?
It moves diagonally. It is fierce rivals with the Hisha, but together, they're unstoppable.
It may sound like an important piece, but it looks pretty much the same as the others.
This piece holds the key to the entire game, but is otherwise pretty low-key. It becomes powerful if you flip it over.
Apparently related to horses somehow, but it just looks like a shogi piece to Us.
A forward-looking piece that always pushes on ahead. We suppose it prefers not to dwell on the past.
The grunt of the force moves forward one step at a time. Flip it over, and it's on the fast track to royalty.
A sturdy backpack for kids. If you use this as an adult, people will look at you funny.
Children walk out of houses carrying these to school in the morning. It must be the height of fashion right now.
A tool that measures your weight. Standing on your tiptoes does not make you lighter.
Tells everyone the name of the company. Unfortunately, We still don't know what the company does, though.
Blocks the wind.
Makes your legs look longer and more slender. Jump over it, and you'll look really cool.
Kick a ball into this, and people will start shouting and crying.
A very sturdy paper box. Used to build fortresses and slide down hills.
A machine that displays assorted images. Put it on the right channel, and you can see snow.
It may shake a lot, but don't worry; the caller isn't angry at you.
A pitiful machine. It often gets punched out merely for doing its job.
If you see someone wearing a ski mask or pantyhose on their head, it's probably best to come back later.
A slightly old-fashioned telephone. Apparently the cord is for twirling around with your fingers.
Put bread in here, and it pops out brown and hot. The poor thing can't take the heat.
Sort of like a cell phone, but the range of people you can talk with is pretty limited.
A tool for frying food. It sometimes flares up while cooking, so try not to peek too close inside.
Home to a great number of cows. That would explain the smell.
A wall built to keep cows and horses from escaping. It's no match for humans, though.
Put rice in here, and it turns all white and moist. Not even magicians can explain it.
Beware! Not everyone wearing clothes from this store is a true gentleman.
Children flail about inside. The children are the ones jumping, not the rabbit.
Doesn't hurt even if it hits your head. Good for bopping that special someone.
Don't let those adorable eyes fool you. This is a bear, and bears kill.
It may be a playful cub, but it has the power of a full-grown adult. Beware.
A bear covered in white fur. The ones in China put black make-up on their face and body to increase their popularity.
A dangerous, unstable beast that melts like butter when you give it some honey.
In Japanese fairy tales, this bear was king of the forest. Well, until he lost a sumo match, that is.
Some live in muddy waters, but others live in garden ponds. The class struggle continues.
You can tell this fish is full of itself. Just look at that red color.
So popular that catching it is more difficult than you'd expect.
Its face looks totally different before and after spawning season. It must have gotten plastic surgery.
Men of the sea catch this fish with their simple fishing poles.
It may look cute, but you wouldn't like it when it's angry.
A very flat creature. Not as dangerous as, say, a Martian death ray.
Left-handed? Right-handed? With this guy, it's obvious.
An incredibly hard little creature. He needs more exercise.
Shaking hands with this guy is just asking for trouble. It doesn't look anything like a coconut at all...
It calls itself a crab, but it doesn't really look the part.
Captivates people with its slender legs, but it's what's inside that counts.
Why is it blue? Maybe it's sad it will end up in some cooking pot.
Has anyone ever rung the bell on its neck? We don't know.
Provides delicious milk, but We would not like to drink it straight from the source.
Touching this cow apparently brings you love, yet its owner is still single.
Despite its large size, this cowardly cow moves in large packs.
The alpha cow. We are sure its meat is 100% delicious.
If you count these all night, you will never get to sleep.
It always bleats plaintively, but that doesn't mean it's sad.
An animal with a loooong neck. If its neck starts itching, it's in serious trouble.
They usually have their mouths open when sunbathing, but they're not yawning.
A car you can drive without a license. Some even play you a tune.
He forgot all about his wedding anniversary and is afraid to go home today.
Its cawing sometimes sounds like it's laughing at you.
A bird that twitters in the morning. Not a big fan of scarecrows.

Not a flower, but she's as pretty as one... perhaps.
She actually has perfect vision, but she's putting on an act to draw sympathy.
She's been waiting for her knight in shining armor for the last ten years.
This dog is wearing clothes for some reason. We wish We didn't have to wear pants either.
Apparently taking its master out for a walk.
Don't act scared around him. He's actually a very well-mannered dog.
The criminal's making off with the evidence. It must be on the raw-food diet.
A tiger-like cat. Apparently related to the tiger, but the two have never met.
Even an elegant cat like this one can't resist dipping into the catnip.
This mysterious cat is the subject of countless tall tales. If you see it crossing your path, run away.
The entire animal kingdom scorns this creature. There are even traps for it.
Chews up everything in sight. They make wonderful pets, but are difficult to train.
Sometimes blows water out of its long trunk. Don't worry; it doesn't have the sniffles or anything.
Her trunk is big enough, but look at those ears! We bet she knows all the local gossip.
Breaks open its dinner on its stomach. Even body blows won't drop this guy.
Very good at rolling things, but please don't go shaking its hand.
You'd think that ball would gross out its friends, but they all have balls of their own...
When a young beetle becomes obsessed with dung, this happens. We are sure he must be very happy.
Two beetles fight it out. This is war!
Occasionally pops out of top hats and magicians' sleeves.
Three hops and it's forgotten everything. So senile, it's even forgotten how to fly.
She runs twice as fast when she hears the word "sale."
If you think her body's big, wait until you get a load of her attitude.
A big, strong bird that rules the skies. Even its name sounds impressive.


Having it come up to you and wag its tail is nice. Realizing it does that to everyone is not so nice.
This monkey is so happy that he can't stop clapping his cymbals. He just keeps clapping and clapping.
Perhaps a little too happy for its own good.
Just think of all the steak dinners We could get... It makes Our heart beat faster.
An astonishing person whose teeth pop out when he gets excited.
A valuable resource for moving war stories, but his story changes every time he tells it.
Currently drumming up a crush on her childhood friend.
She would give anything not to have to bend down every time someone kisses her.
He hits his head on the ceiling every time he wakes up.
He tries to get through tests by rolling his pencil around on his desk.
He's still growing.
He wants to be huge when he grows up.
He isn't even at work yet, and he already wants to go home.
Has a very important appointment today, so his posture is even more impeccable than usual.
His wife is even crankier, believe it or not.
His daughter hasn't talked to him much recently.
She has slowly transformed her body over the years. The girl in her wedding photo may as well be a different person.
A warm-hearted woman who likes to help people, but she usually just gets them in more trouble instead.
A toy you can control from far away. We would like to ride it, but it's just too small for Us.
Lives in an odd, swirly home. Doesn't like going out much, so it takes its house everywhere it goes.
He hates girls... or so he says.
A child unblemished by the cruelties of the real world. His dream is to live without working a single day.
Fights with her brother a lot, but secretly looks up to him at the same time.
In that strange time of her life when her mind and body begin to change.
A kid who rides around on a board. Apparently walking is boring.
A kid who rolls around on special shoes with wheels on them. He's not very good at walking normally.
A touchy-feely kind of guy. He likes hugging people at first sight, but somehow you can't hate him for that.
He seems disappointed that Japanese people don't have samurai hair styles anymore.
He devotes his days to flipping takoyaki. It looks easy, but it takes a lifetime to master.
She has a wondrous pair of ears that only hear what she wants to hear.
He has apparently started naming his vegetables.
He always comes back from fishing with lots of stories and little evidence.
He always stops by the fish shop on his way back home...
Catches flies with the thing on his hand. Wouldn't bug spray be easier?
Why is it that only big guys can be catchers? He looks like a big eater.
Swinging sticks around is his specialty. Apparently it's tougher than it looks.
He is seriously considering giving it all up to become a soccer player.
The eldest son of the Hoshino family. He hates chores and homework, and can't wait for puberty.
His job is to put his hands on his hips and drink lots of milk, apparently.
They're not trying to fuse together, so try not to make fun of them, all right?
The guy on the bottom must have lost a bet.
This is getting out of control. They'll have the whole world on there before long.
She's been dieting for ages just for this day.
She came to the beach in search of that special moment.
She floats aimlessly in the water. Doesn't like being tied down by life.
He's so busy kicking his little legs off that he occasionally forgets to breathe.
This is the second time he's ever seen the ocean.
A fierce battle inside a ring. The bigger person doesn't always win.
What a throw! They must have planned that out beforehand.
They're training for the gold medal, but this would be an illegal move in sanctioned events.
The things he can do with hair gel are indescribable.
He never misses the morning weather forecast.
They enjoy striking weird diagonal poses when someone takes their picture.
Carries a portable shrine while chanting rhythmically. Exactly why is a mystery.
The daughter of the Hoshino family. She shivers a little whenever she feels the cosmos.
He must be fanning off the sweaty people around him. Shame it isn't working.
Normally a sensible and reserved boy, but he lets it all out at times like these.
An old lady that loves to party. In fact, she's participated in festivals all around the world.
Her outfit is more than a little sexy. She must have quite a fan base.
He's thinking he'd like a more down-to-earth job in the future.
He likes writing angsty songs, but actually lives a fairly satisfying life.
He tried building a doghouse the other day, but somewhere along the way it turned into a coffee table.
He devotes his life to the deep blue sea. Likes to frolic with the fishies.
Rides on top of balls while wearing a weird costume. We'd hate to see him fall.
The father of the Hoshino family. He likes bringing astronaut ice cream home as a souvenir.
He trembles a lot, but not because he's feeling the cosmos.
The mother of the Hoshino family. She likes going outside with her children and wouldn't mind having a dishwasher.
He repairs some things and breaks some others. Always manages to stay busy.
Tells people about their past and future. Reads their palms for hints.
Show me a liar and I'll show you a thief. We think whoever said that is probably a liar.
He lets the birds rule his life. It's a shame he has no drive of his own.
This tough guy can go to sleep practically anywhere.
When he sees a mountain, he's just got to climb it. Don't ask why.
Some of these guys are skilled enough to carry a pile of food in one arm while riding.
A nice person who helps sick people get better. Often called "an angel in white," but has no wings.
Everyone calls her Mama, even people older than her.
Firmly rooted to the ground. We doubt it's going anywhere.
An ancient tree. Countless children have climbed it over the years.
Mom and Grandma constantly argue about each other's cooking. Dad just looks on timidly.
This house's roof has started to leak. The place is flooded after every rainstorm.
Mom's all uptight about her children's entrance exams. Best not to stay here for too long.
Holds a lot of parties out in the yard. The parties always end with some idiot guy prancing around naked.
The family built this house themselves, and they're very proud of it. Full of amazing traps and secrets.
Don't tell anyone, but they like hiding the door key in the mailbox.
Up, up and away it goes! Hopefully it'll come down before it hits orbit.
Apparently it works by heating the air inside the balloon. So why doesn't Our microwave fly?
Pecking crows are no match for its tough hide. As for jets, We are not sure.
Some people use these to just get away from it all.
A place that takes long, smooth pieces of seaweed and makes them dry and crinkly.
It's so high because nobody likes the dirty, stinky smoke it puts out.
A book with lots of pictures of animals. Looks like they forgot to put in humans.
A book with pictures of grass and flowers and things. It only covers Earth plants.
A designer condominium. Apparently, it's very trendy.

Stays lit up all hours of the night.
Filled with shops and cafes. One shop has guys in suits who read comics all day.
There's some kind of box inside that sends people up and down.
The higher you go the better the view. The penthouse residents must be rich.
People are eating and playing catch up on the roof.
Even if the front door's closed, there's another door that opens with a secret code.
A seafaring craft that transports all sorts of things... even stowaways.
Some people like resting their forehead on one end and spinning around. That's not what it's meant for.
A road for airplanes. If they need this much warm-up space, won't they run out of breath before they take off?
Made out of tough, rainproof paper, but if that were true, you'd see more of these, no?
This chair can't recline, so it's not very relaxing.

People used to train animals to uproot these legendary vegetables. Just one will satisfy everyone.
Just as bright as any other streetlight, but this one's a little trendier.
This is just a display. The real thing is a lot colder and sweeter.
Recommended for people who can't make up their minds. Can be eaten together or separately by flavor.
Pink and tastes like strawberries. Little girls love this flavor. Sometimes older men do, too.
Even if it's hot outside, you probably don't want to spend too long in here.
A rather elegant bench. For many couples, this is where it all begins...
When something is put on this cart, it turns into a great bargain.
Used to sell fruits and vegetables. Line your wares up nice to grab the customer's eye.
The buses arrival time seems random, but according to this, they actually do have a set timetable.
Filled with beautiful pink blossoms. In the spring, people picnic under these trees.
Lots of faces lined up together. We thought these were wanted posters, but apparently they're not.



A mirror that shows you whether someone's coming around the corner. Will not tell you who's the fairest of them all.
Get on this, and you may start to feel ill.
A ship that goes out and gathers up fish. It can't come back until it's filled its quota.
A ship that can hold a fair number of fish. Filling up this tub will take some time.
A joyful flag with a watery design. Whoever drew it must really, really like the ocean.
A big, flashy flag. The whole crew smiles when this is strung up.
A weird block often seen by the ocean. It doesn't combine into a giant robot or anything.
A place to kick balls and scream really loud. You have to be really, really good to play here.
Strong illumination that can light up any field. Try not to stare directly at it.
A humongous TV set. We'd like to change the channel, but We can't find the remote.
This shop is like a fairytale, filled with flowers all year round. Pity there are no fairy princesses.
Just because the clerk hands you a bouquet of roses doesn't mean she's madly in love with you.
People have fun with these around. Hang them around town and everyone gets super excited.
We suppose this place sells shoes. Why can't We buy just one shoe for half price?
An ancient clay doll. Maybe this is what people looked like long ago.
A paper box filled with vegetables. Their birthplace is printed on the side.
A box with the name of a fruit on it. Often used to store other things as well.
A flower decoration made to celebrate something. Watering it doesn't seem to do anything...
The boss of all dolls. He wishes he could come out more than once a year.
The boss's wife. Her expressionless face may hide an inner rage.
This doll's job is to take care of the Hina doll. There are usually three of them.
He keeps things festive with his jolly music. We prefer the recorder to the flute, Ourselves.
He keeps things festive with his oddly-shaped drum. He's nice enough to shout along with the music, too.
He looks young, but he wields great power. He owes a great debt to the old guy next to him.
He looks like he's on the right, yet he's the Left Councilor. Apparently he's right-handed.
This lights up the dolls. It's very small and very cute.
Three different colored rice cakes stacked together. Seems like a deal to Us.
A leisurely vehicle pulled by a cow. Not recommended when you're already late for work.
A sign that evokes deep emotions from young men. Apparently a woman wrote it.
If you hang from this long enough, you might stretch out a few inches.
Kids play with this by swinging from bar to bar. Adults have a much harder time with it.
More of a rocking koala, really. The more you weigh, the more it rocks.
He's a good man, but not a great one, so they just made the top half of his statue.
Meat for eating outdoors. Even if it's cheap meat, eating with your friends makes it all worth while.
You're supposed to toss balls into this. But they'll be taken out again later.
It seems to work by burning water from the ocean. Poor ocean.
Another lantern that people party around. Try not to overdo it.
People use these umbrellas even on clear days. It must be nice underneath.
Most rabbits hop, but this one pops.
There's some good eating here. People used to just eat it like this.
Yummy candy on a stick. Best not to eat the stick.
Goes vroom vroom vroom. Also plays humorous novelty music at times.
We really want to dangle Our feet from this for some reason.
This machine measures how much gas you're using, not how much gas you're passing.
This fruit is popular in the summer. Some people eat it with salt. Others don't.
A very big slice of watermelon. Some people probably like big servings.
Red, sweet, and delicious. You cannot grow one in your stomach by swallowing the seeds.
This supports the cables in the sky. Not what you would call a tourist attraction.
A tree with needle-like leaves. Huge mushrooms grow under the red ones.
A seven-colored bridge to your dreams. A pot of gold is rumored to be at the end of it.
A container for captured insects. It looks like a jail cell, but these bugs are innocent.
Butterflies sit motionless in neat lines. We don't think they are sleeping.
The round part is full of gasoline. Rolling it around is somewhat dangerous.
A large storage space for things carried in by ship.
Who knew that a bunch of bars could keep a giant machine like this in place?
Cars call this home. People call it a garage.
A bunch of small, purple fruits. Sweet and delicious, but a lot of work to eat.
A close relative of the grape. No matter how hard it tries, it will never turn purple.
A place full of bittersweet memories. The real drama begins after class is over.
People have hard-to-follow conversations in here. It's enough to put most people to sleep.
Japanese fathers always cry when they see their little girl all grown up in one of these.
Pretty high up, so We doubt anyone will try to kick it.
A sunny flower that blooms in the summer. It always looks at the sun, but it never glows like it.
This spins in the wind. It may seem like a toy, but it's helpful to the modern world.
Usually people play with balls in here, but sometimes they start singing, too.
Don't knock down all the pins, or you'll get a big "X" on your scorecard.
Not only big, but placed way up high. It'll be hard to knock this one down.
Has the important responsibility of supporting the rocket before launch. After liftoff, it's pretty smoky.
A powerful machine that can lift just about anything. Unfortunately it can't compete in the Olympics.
This sign warns of dangerous falling objects. If they knew that, why don't they prevent them from falling in the first place?
No compliments for following the arrow, but prepare to receive criticism going in the opposite direction.
So big that people get lost inside all the time. The owners must be rich.
A vehicle that always moves below the surface of the water. It must be very shy.
Turns cold water into hot water. It's pretty hot, so don't go using it in place of a bath.
Apparently this island sinks into the ocean a few inches every year.
The skyscrapers of the past. Just like today, the top floor is an observation deck.
Pops up in warm, moist places. If one shows up in your closet, it's probably best not to eat it.
It may look gigantic, but eating it won't make you a giant.
A giant dish that catches cosmic waves. Can it get any channels from outer space?
A very greedy guy. No matter how big it gets, it just keeps sucking in more.
Ocean water whirls around violently. The fish inside must be awfully dizzy.
Occasionally spotted on the beach in summer. Watch out if you wander near a watermelon.
He may have a cute face, but there's often a smelly guy inside.
A bear-like creature that smiles at everyone it meets. That expression is a little scary, actually.
He may not look it, but he's really human. He hates being treated like a cow.
When these are around, both paper and hair go snicker-snack.
A tool that blows hot breath. You can turn it down if you're already too hotheaded.
A Japanese chess board. The difference is you can capture and use your opponents pieces.
If your legs aren't long enough, you'll embarrass yourself trying to get over this.
One end of a guardrail. It's often disturbed by runaway cars.
The other end of a guardrail. Its noble white form protects the road each and every day.
It's upset that people don't appreciate it enough.
Legend has it, if you help this turtle it will take you to its gorgeous underwater castle in return.
This huge turtle must be really, really, really old.
The young frogs look nothing like their parents. Perhaps a paternity test is in order.
It may be poisonous, but it ribbits just like any other frog.
A toad that hops like mad. It croaks, but it's not dead.
A pudgy animal that lives in the sea. It's awfully chilly there, so it's okay that he's fat.
It has a hole in the middle. No wonder it's worthless.
Its color changes over time. Brand-new ones are nice and sparkly.
Apparently there are pieces of paper worth several of these coins. Sounds fishy.
Half of this book is written in English. It might be better to hire a translator.
Anyone can be a doctor with this book. But if you really get sick, you should probably go to a hospital.
Sits up high looking this way and that. It looks like a bird, but it doesn't lay eggs.
Made from the juice of oranges. It sometimes has bonus pulp inside.
There's an event every four years where they give these out to the best people.
It looks like a car, but its speed is totally dependent on the rider. Pretty tiring.

Park lighting that comes on at night. No one knows who turns it on.
Ancient currency. You can apparently bite these to tell if they're real or not.
It says "Light." But since it's actually chocolate, it doesn't matter.
Tasty chocolate with a subtle taste of peppermint.
Moves up and down from the weight of the water. Good for meditating.
Just a large piece of stone, but for some reason people take exquisite care of it.
Policemen use this vehicle on their patrols. The lack of a siren makes it easy to sneak up on crooks.
Flaky on the outside, creamy on the inside. Mmmm.
The rooty part of a tree. Plants are terrible at lying about their ages.
Bump into this to make the fruit drop off. If it hits your head you could get some big ideas.
A red ball floating in the air. Apparently it's empty inside.
Gets all sad and wrinkly over time.
Pop it in your friend's face and he'll get all mad at you.
Digging with your hands is a thing of the past with this. A bit too soft for treasure hunting.
Use this near the ocean to dredge up yummy shellfish.
Fill it with water and carry it everywhere. An essential tool!
Spend as much time as you want on it; it'll just be washed away in the next rainstorm anyway.
A hot food made from octopi. It burns the roof of your mouth if you eat it too quickly.
Comes with a free tooth pick that makes it easy to eat.
A normal serving of takoyaki. It's hot, so be careful.
Cops use it at crime scenes. Angry teachers crush it with their bare hands.
Used to write important information. Like shopping lists.
The work of a free-thinking, creative individual. A little too free-thinking, perhaps.
Fun pieces of art drawn here and there. Someone should really clean these up.
If you can't stand to be apart from someone, use these to be together forever.
Most people eat this bird once a year. Chickens often take their place.
A tool for wrapping up tubes that shoot out water. If you reel it in too far, you can't get it out again.
These cards have lottery numbers on them. Hopefully you will receive the winning numbers, not send them.
Both the picture and the text are important, so don't skip either.
A container for letters you don't want anyone to see. Usually filled with deeper emotions than a postcard.

This sign expresses the dangers of fire. Even a single match can spell disaster.

A place that sells food with slimy tentacles in it. No squid, though. Just octopi.
A reward for second place. It makes you feel good, but gold's more popular.
A reward for third place. Pennies used to be made of bronze, but this is probably worth more.
A sign with a lot of complicated words on it. Most people pass by it without even looking.
This shows the rules for parking here. Breaking the rules will get you in hot water.
Shooting a paper basketball in here would make anyone's day.
If you can't swim, putting your butt inside this ring is a good idea. Clinging to its side works, too.
Looks sort of like a bomb, but the only explosive thing here is the sweet, tart, tropical taste.
So unstable that it sways around when you sit on it. Beware of people pushing you from behind.
If someone chasing after you goes missing, he probably fell in the hole where this was.
It's filled with holes so vines can climb it easily.
The entire room will smell nice with this in there. But it can sometimes be overpowering.

People throw out the shell and take the thing inside home.
Looks like an egg, but you can tell what's inside without breaking it. Its contents don't grow, either.
The shells are recycled, so you won't harm the environment if you throw them away.
Good for drawing baby chicks. Shame about the powder that gets all over your hands.
Good for drawing cabbage. More eraser-resistant than the other colors.
Good for drawing the Earth. Not so good for drawing Mars.
Stick pieces of paper on the wall with these. They're hard to get out if you push them too far in.
This pin is easy to hold. You can even hang things on it!
You can hang things from this as long as they aren't too heavy.
It's difficult to read this sign even when We look closely. That green and white color scheme just doesn't work for Us.
A white crayon. Using this on white paper is pointless.
Jet black. Often used to draw evil things.
Fiery red. Maybe something more subdued is better.
Soft pink. A very popular color among girls.
Verdant green. Looks like it's good for you, but eating it is frowned upon.
The same color as the Prince. The same size, too.
Refreshing blue. Drawing a hunk of cheese with this does not make it blue cheese.
Gushing aqua. Water is really colorless, but somehow this color has a watery feel.
Elegant purple. Some old ladies like to dye their hair this color.
Composed brown. Draw a rectangle with this color, and it can be either a brick or a chocolate bar.
A warm color. Apparently colors have temperatures.
Dependable ochre. You never seem to run out of this one.
Gorgeous gold. Looks costly, but priced the same as any other crayon.
This holds your crayons. Some people keep their crayons in careful order, but others just put them in anywhere.
Sometimes all your dice will come up the same number. How unusual.
A friendly shop that gives you money. But later, you have to give them back even more.
It's not the size of the TV that counts, it's what you watch on it.
This has the name of a place where you can pay money to sleep.
Relaxed menswear. We wonder where all the O-shirts and G-shirts are.
Tight and snug. Some people write their names on the waistband in marker.
A stand for a painting in progress. Do not blame the easel if you can't draw a straight line.


Perhaps this octopus was exposed to nuclear waste as a baby...
Mother's Favorite. She always practices moderation.
Father loves this bowl. He says his wife's cooking always tastes better served in this.
The son's bowl. Good little boys clean their plate.
A tasty hunk of meat.
A fruit that gives its eater tremendous power.
A big bundle of energy fruit. People usually don't eat these all at once.
Colorful, thick liquid is inside. Pour it on your head, and you'll have trouble getting it off.
A stick with bristly hair on one end. Use it to paint things or to tickle people.
Made for hot drinks. There are sets made for hot couples.
Tastes great, but the ingredients are a mystery.
The two sticks control something. Regrettably, it doesn't work with anything you want.
The daughter enjoys her decorated bowl. The lovely design doesn't make the food taste any better, however...
They're selling cars, but they seem to be out of bumper cars.
Great to sit under during a rainstorm, but useless when it's cold.
A refined drink. Nobody ever talks about how it's made from leaves, because that doesn't sound very tasty.
A black and bitter beverage. Drink it anyway, and you'll soon feel the difference.
Drink it for a delicious, bubbly taste. Mothers get annoyed when you drink this before dinner.
Stores try to attract customers with this cute balloon. They are not actually selling pandas.
A symbol of friendship with biker types. Kind of lame, really.
A truly mysterious head. Even if you go around to the other side of the wall, its body is nowhere to be found.
Put leaves and hot water in, and delicious tea comes out. Its lips are pursed because of the heat, perhaps.
Open it on the wrong side, and things quickly go downhill.
A bottle with milk inside. Please try not to laugh while drinking.
A mild drink made from milk and a black, bitter beverage. Kids love it.
A rail that curves with miraculous smoothness. A masterpiece.
It may be huge and powerful, but it's useless without the track on the bottom.
Reportedly made by swirling milk around. Tasty when spread on bread.
The panels on the roof catch the sun's energy. They must be living the high life.
Has most of the things you need to repair stuff, but it's not much help if you have no skill.
Lets you chop up vegetables into tiny bits. Rub it with a stone when it becomes dull.
Some people bring these to the bank. Odd. They don't sell any veggies there.
Sweet, sticky stuff made out of orange peels and things. A marmalade-only diet is not recommended.
A wonderful dish. You'll need to practice a bit before using these in a plate-spinning act.
Most condo owners know their neighbors... but few know their neighbor's neighbor.
A fish that spits out soy sauce. It does not taste like fish spit.
Used to measure your temperature. Put this in your mouth, armpit, or...
A gun that shoots water instead of bullets. The police will probably not arrest you for possessing this.

Bears tiny fruit. Chop one down, and you too can be president someday.
Apparently only the straight ones are sellable. The bent ones you grow yourself are okay to eat.
Grow them with love, and you'll be able to taste it.
Rice cake for the New Year. People usually just leave it lying around.
It's always shown eating fish. People must think it's a glutton.
Everyone licks them, but they aren't very tasty.
This noisy building is full of people young and old shouting at the top of their lungs.
Even though there are lots of these, they're always busy.
Full of flammable liquid. Good when it's cold, but don't go lighting any matches nearby.
It has a cow design, but it's not actually a cow. You can tell by the lack of udders.
There's something fantastical about the bubbles this makes. Environmentally-minded people use this sparingly.
Dad's a real busy-body, so Junior hops off the balcony when he has a date.
The night sky is apparently beautiful when viewed from the attic window.
A bottle with soy sauce inside. Pouring a bit on food tastes better than drinking it straight.
A fairly old place that continues to stand strong as the town changes around it.
A sky-faring vessel fueled by warm air. Warm emotions are not enough to propel it.

A box filled with brisk, cool air. A little man turns out the light when you close the door.
Even if you throw them out, they can come back as new magazines.
Recommended whether you want to stay up or fall asleep. Imagination required.
A well-versed, knowledgeable book... as far as birds are concerned, anyway.
A book with word meanings. You're in trouble once you start looking up the meaning of word meanings.
The drills in this book couldn't poke a hole in a piece of paper.
A study aid for difficult Chinese characters. Each one can have several pronunciations. What a headache!
Sometimes comes with freebies not found in grown-up magazines. Not just for children!
A vehicle that floats in the sky. But don't stay up there forever. There's no bathroom onboard.
Traffic jams are no problem with this. But finding a place to land will probably take a while.
A book in which you write what happens to you that day. Usually lasts about 3 days.
Made out of wooden boards. The holes are supposed to be there.
Gray paper covered with words. A few of them have cartoons in the back.
A nice piece of paper that alerts you to the latest bargains. Afterwards you can jot down notes on the back.
A book filled with stories. Sometimes they're true, and sometimes they're not.
Contains square candies that get all sticky when you eat them. Adults get all nostalgic when they see one.
Sometimes it's hard to get this sticky candy out of the wrapper.
It's not just for beaches! Also used on ships, in mountains, by rivers, and around cafes.
An extremely colorful umbrella that obviously has no inhibitions.
Turn the knob to sharpen pencils. You can't unsharpen it by turning the knob the other way.
The more you use it, the shorter it grows.
If you sharpen the end you can write with this. If you don't sharpen it, you can still use it to scratch your back.
Shrieks in pain if you heat it up too much.
There's a pink fish on it, but that's usually not what the ship actually catches.
This flag is raised when a ship catches tasty things from the sea. Fish tremble in fear at the sight of it.
A pretty big ship. If it springs a leak, it means big trouble.
A wooden bench put in-between a house and its garden. Perfect for sunbathing.
It normally takes pictures of people, but really wants to do landscapes one day.
A tube that contains the energy to move things. Not too useful afterwards.
A box that contains the energy to move things. Its glory days are definitely over.
Rumbles a lot, but not because it's eaten too much ice cream.

The nearby seas are apparently packed with delicious shellfish.
The water around this island is so beautiful that visitors never want to go home.
The local elementary school only has three students.
People used to live here, but now it's a paradise for exotic birds.
Propose on this island's beaches, and the two of you will be together forever.
Reportedly home to a mysterious beast.
An island made by man. Drop an egg here, and it most definitely will break.
Has red, yellow and green lights. If they all turn on at once it means big, big trouble.
The red and green lights turn on and off. We wonder where the yellow one went.
A fish that's easy to catch at festivals. You're not supposed to keep them in the bag forever.
They always open up just when you need to sit and relax. That's good business.
Attracts customers while flapping in the wind. It looks like they have a tea-and-dumplings set.
The remains of an ancient creature. With a head this big, shampooing must have been a nightmare.
A swirly shell that's turned into a stone. It was alive, once upon a time.
Who is it surveying? It hasn't asked Us anything.
Skipping these across ponds provides boys with hours of entertainment.
Darker than your average stone. That tan didn't come from summering by the sea.
Not rugged enough to be a boulder quite yet. It's still too cute.
It's cold outside, so it stuck its head out just a little bit.
Apparently if this melts, the oceans will rise.
A cold mountain that will remain frozen forever. Ancient animals are still sleeping inside.

A dish made with fried rice, pork and vegetables. Delicious!
The name sounds cruel, but it's really juicy and delicious.
Soup with loooong noodles in it. Get it while it's hot!
We are still waiting for it to hatch...
A bright red vegetable. Or is it a fruit? We don't know anymore.
A long, green vegetable. The really fresh ones have sharp spines.
Apparently the sound of chopping indicates that dinner is being prepared.
This troubled boy is about to meet his doom. Or perhaps he's stepping out of harm's way. Who knows?
A ring made of rubber. Too big to use as a rubber band.
People cheer if you stand on the topmost platform. It's not a bad experience.
The bits of cheese that stretch out when you pick up a piece are so annoying.
A price is written on this tag, but the tag itself is not for sale.
You can never believe the ones that say "Today Only!", but you always want to.

Is it okay to pass these pylons, or what? We really have no idea.
Rabbits and horses love these, but eating them will not make you run faster.
Some shops change their prices every time you visit.
Pork, salt, miso, soy sauce! There are a variety of noodle shops around.
A simple, black fry pan. The stuff inside gets burnt, tossed around, set on fire, and generally abused.
Light it up, sing a song, blow it out, then eat it. What's with all these rules?
So fast that it can't stop very often. It'd be more useful if it did.
It's like a tail that gets dragged around. Inside people read books, have a drink and relax.
Note the red things on top of the white thing. That's the secret to its success.
A magnificent cake. Even the simple act of cutting it is a major event.
A box that keeps cool things cool as you carry them around.
A place where you can sit and enjoy a drink. The staff gets annoyed if you just order water.
The spaghetti inside is floating in midair. How strange...
They sell umbrellas for sunny days, too. Good for people who worry they'll get sunburned.
This sign gets wet on rainy days. That can't help the shop sell umbrellas.
A present for that special someone. Even a single flower has a powerful impact.
A selection of flowers. They die quickly if neglected, so be careful.
A whole bunch of little flowers. It's a shame they aren't sold separately.
You probably shouldn't just put the whole thing in a vase.
This grows a flower when you put it in the sun.
Flourishes when you give it water. If you flood it, you'll have leakage problems.
It's fun to watch the flowers in this basket grow over time.
A basket with a convenient carrying handle. Take your flowers out for a walk!
This pole holds a device that amplifies your voice. Throwing this around on stage makes you popular with young people.
Put this on someone and they start to shine. Figuratively speaking.
Lights up from below. You can make scary faces in the dark with this.
Stand in front of this to talk to your fellow citizens. Most people are too shy to try it.
A place where people can sell unwanted junk, or buy other peoples junk.
A fruit that looks just like a baby's butt.
A ball of packed rice and filling. It's easy to forget what's inside after making one.
A fruit that leaks juice when you bite it. The fuzz tickles your nose, too.
A crunchy, tasty fruit that's bountiful in autumn. Tons of juice, too.
A pear is a delicious fruit. A bear is a malicious brute.
One kind is called a Prince melon, but there aren't any King and Queen melons.
A sweet, juicy fruit. Its skin looks like a maze, but there's no start or finish, so it's hard to solve.
A fruit that not only lets you know if you have healthy gums, but teaches you about gravity, too.
Some people carve this in the shape of a rabbit, but it won't taste like a rabbit.
A fruit that comes as twins. Available in larger sizes, too.
If you can knot the stem with your tongue, it means you're a very good kisser.
A bite-sized, bright red fruit. The bumpy things on the surface are seeds, but you don't need to pick them off.
You'd better open wide if you want to eat this. Goes well with milk.
Eating all these apples will keep the doctor away for ages.
A basket full of butt-shaped fruit.
A basket full of sour orange fruit. Peel it, and your fingers get all sticky.
Appears to be a small cub. Maybe it's just playing dead.
A tool that cuts the hard bit at the ends of your fingers. There's always one in every home.

A sugary treat. Comes in many shapes, but most of them taste the same.
A crunchy confection. You can even eat the sticky stuff in-between!
Adults live in the sea, but the babies come out from the ground. Very strange.
A baby quail. It's small, but just as hyper as its parents.
A very forgetful baby bird. Its name will probably change into something else once it grows up.
A flightless baby bird. When it grows up, it'll run really fast, but it still won't be able to fly.
A child born from a peach in a Japanese fairy tale. He grows stronger by eating dumplings.
An item that protects your body from the rain. Some also let you fly.
A gaudy umbrella that makes even small showers seem like monster storms.
An umbrella mostly used on clear days. It protects your skin from invisible rays.

The big boss of the dolls.
A doll inside a doll.
A doll inside a doll, inside another doll.
A train that shares the road with other cars. Limited to a certain route.
A paper box with many, many uses.
Plays an important role in any house move. Some people even use them in place of a table.
An economy-sized ocean dweller that spouts showers of water from the hole in its back.
It's gigantic. You could make a lot of Japanese people full and happy if you catch this.
A wimpy, boneless creature that likes hiding in holes despite its large body.
A bug that flits in the air. Fortunately, it can't gain much altitude.
An insect that flutters this way and that. Apparently flew in from the cabbage patch.
An insect with beautiful wings. Its shape has changed a lot since it was born.
An insect with beautiful violet wings. Certain countries treat them with great respect.
A car designed to be as eye-catching as possible. Police pay especially close attention to it.
A bird that swims in the water. He seems to have mixed up the sky and the ocean.
The sand turned this man into a woman. The operation was not performed very well.
An epic battle that continues without end. There's not even a lunch break.
A game where you do nothing but roll the ball. We are sure We have seen this somewhere before.
The sort of person who rents out an entire restaurant for his girlfriend's birthday.
The girl at the bottom must have stones sticking into her knees. It must be painful.
The oldest of the three crime-fighting Jumbo Brothers.
The half-brother of crime-fighter Jumboman No. 1.
Has a drum that creates thunder when hit. According to legend, he likes collecting children's navels.
A boy on a machine that hops up and down. Not particularly useful for anything.
He's skilled at kicking balls around. When he touches them with his hands, whistles go off.
So spaced out that he's completely lost track of the passage of time.
An ocean-diving specialist, but on dry land, she's just another lady.
A man who loves the ocean. Still looking for the one that got away.
A hat popular with little children. Wear one as an adult, and people will look at you funny.
A handy children's item that can be used to build almost anything.
A notebook for kindergarten kids. The only thing they ever draw is scribbles though.
Shoes worn inside the kindergarten classroom. Stepping on the heel will get you yelled at.
A cute little bag used by little children.
It's full of liquid that freezes solid if you leave it out for a while.
A piece of bread shaped like the moon. It doesn't wax like the real thing, but if you eat it, it wanes.
A picture of some bird We have never seen before. This means "one," apparently.
If you have three of these, it seems to make a nice hand.
A tile with a picture of nine pieces of bamboo. Not a very well-drawn picture.
A very strange character is written on this. Apparently its meaning isn't all that important.

A really big whale that many sea creatures want to swim with. He really just wants to be left alone sometimes.

Just came out of a white ball. Not quite able to fly yet.
Recently people put toys in these for some reason.
Simply gorgeous. Putting this on makes you a V.I.P., apparently.
It may be big, but it's still thin, so you should be able to stuff this into your wallet.
Apparently there are fish inside. Exactly how they got in is a mystery.
An item for sweeping garbage. Apparently some people can fly with this, but We have never seen it.
An item you stick in your hair to change its shape.
An umbrella that sees frequent use by the sea.
A tube with lots of little crystals inside. You can look, but don't steal the jewels!
A tough plastic hat that protects your head from falling objects.
The hat of the team you're cheering for. You're allowed to wear it outside of baseball games, too.
It has a lot of small holes in it, making it cool to wear on hot days.
Couples and families sit under this umbrella together. It's also used to protect ice cream.
A stick for drawing figures. You can also stick them in your ears to accessorize your look.
A tool that paints colors on paper. Some people use them to clean out assorted crevices.
Use this to drink hot things without burning your hand. Very civilized.
A machine with money inside. The drawer opens quickly, so watch out.
Used to hold the left and right sides of clothes together.
Always spouting off at someone. She really needs to chill out.
She's always looking down glumly. She's the sort of person who can't take a compliment.
A positive-thinking person who's always happy, come rain or shine.
A place which provides the energy that makes cars go.
A machine that pumps energy into cars. You wouldn't believe how active this little box is.
A box that washes cars with its gigantic brushes. Don't drive in with the windows down!
Who knew cars could use so many types of energy?
Having lots of numbers up here is generally a good thing.
You have to step on this in order to score a hit. It must feel so put upon all the time. Poor thing.
You get a point for stepping on this. You can't just jump up and down on it, though, sadly.
A mound of dirt with a white board on it. This is where the star of the show stands.

When this is nearby, you may hear loud voices even though there's nobody around.
A device that drops white powder out its bottom when rolled. It's used to make lines, apparently.
An exercise device that works your hips and legs while leveling off the ground.
Absolutely hates a non-flat playing surface. Loves rolling things around. Naturally.
A mysterious ancient creature. Sadly, every photo it's posed for ends up out of focus.
A handy chair you can fold up and carry around. We never see people carrying these on the streets, though.
A very strange belt that everyone seems to want. Fighting for it without running away is apparently cool.
A pretty heavy bar. If you start trembling while lifting this, you're probably close to your limit.
A flag in the ocean that marks the boundary between the fish and human worlds.
A box filled with extremely valuable stuff. Often found deep in the ocean somewhere.

A place to throw out unneeded things, but only on certain days. Lots of annoying rules surround this place.
Large vehicles come and go through here to drop off their loads.
A board that gets in the way of traffic. It seems they apologize for the inconvenience.

A sign stuck to a telephone pole. A bit too high for children to see.
A support that keeps the pole upright. Those yellow and black stripes are so stylish!
Some sort of secret code. We wish this was a little clearer.
We really don't like being bossed around like this.
Willing to sacrifice its own life to keep cars from leaving the road.
Strings with little spiky bits on them. Occasionally electrified. Ouch!

Can be used as a sort of cut-rate plastic surgery. It's a little pathetic when viewed from the side or rear.
Formerly part of a tree. Use these to build rafts or log cabins.
An environmentally-friendly wooden house. It's cool in the summer and warm in the winter.
A house up in the mountains. There's no nameplate since the people inside switch out all the time.
An item used while swimming. If you have four of these, you can float like a water strider.
Used to mark out lanes in the water. There's something beautiful about seeing a lot of these in rows.
The roof provides shade and keeps you from passing out in the summer heat.
It's pretty big, but it can only mark out small bits of time. It won't even wake you up in the morning...
Full of Japanese beans covered in a sugary liquid. Much yummier than it sounds.
Fluffy things in the sky. Not actually made of cotton candy.
A flag with the school's emblem on it. There isn't a mascot or anything.
This can take as much garbage as you can throw into its maw. You don't often get to see the incineration part.


Listen carefully and you can hear a message from the players' soul when they strum the strings.
An instrument that makes screeching sounds. It apparently screeches less if you're good at it.
Plays soothing, vibrant music. Best played while wearing billowing robes.
It may be huge, but you can play beautiful music on it if you've got the right touch.
Used to weigh down the ship. Not used to catch really big fish.
They used to play the national anthem late at night. Now they show ads for things nobody needs.
A table made of wood. A bit bumpier than your typical table, but that doesn't seem to bother its owners much.
There's a sport out there where you whack this ball and put it into little holes.
A sad little ball. Nobody ever gives it a hug.
People cradle this ball very carefully to keep from dropping it. When it is dropped, it bounces in weird directions.
Apparently holds food for cows and horses. Not scheduled to take off into space anytime soon.
You play with these by lining them up and stacking them high.
Not very useful by itself. Put lots of them together, and you can make abstract shapes.
The little nubs on top are the secret to this block's success.
If you can jump and flip on this bar without falling off, you'll be praised.
Just because the poster is cool doesn't mean the movie is going to be any good.
It says this movie was number one at the box office. A lot of bad movies get to be number one, though.
A box that had shoes in it. It's often kept, but is rarely ever used.
Breaks water down into tiny particles and blows them out the nozzle. You can also make rainbows!
Stronger than it looks, but breaks if you put in too many things.
A dense, overgrown tree. Looks like it hasn't borne any fruit yet.
A fence for people who care more about form than function.
An item that sticks to iron. Its invisible aura makes it stick to some things and fly away from others.
Used to paint lips various colors. For some people, using this is a sign of adulthood.
It looks like they've successfully solidified coffee into little pieces. But why?
A handy bit of candy for when your mouth needs a little pick-me-up.
A large rock put here long ago. It may be in the way, but there's no way they'll move it now.
Trying to nail something with this will only result in assorted comedy sounds.
A container used to create ice. The ones in the Antarctic must be huge.
A handy item that lights up the road ahead with the flick of a switch. It's not too useful on sunny days.
Flip anything you want with this. Even hot foods.
It used to be a dangerous weapon, but nowadays it's used for sports.
Defeats dirt with its scrubbing lather. Not actually sold in its bubbly form.
A box packed with toys. It may sometimes walk around on its own at night.
Used in a sport where you throw balls into a high basket. If your hands can reach the basket, you can become a big superstar.
Used to wash dishes. One scrub cleans up even the most stubborn grease.
A useful item that lets you arrange your hair any way you please.
This can hold a lot of water, but there's a hole in it, so it all falls out in the end.
A fearsome item that kills bugs when you spray it on them. Does not work on people.
A red liquid which goes well with a variety of foods. Some people draw faces with it.
Lights up when scraped against a matchbox. Remember to put it out before the flame reaches your fingers.
Bread cut into thin slices. Does anybody ever eat the crusts?
A shelf lined with shoes. Some are for wearing, but others are strictly for looking at.
Apparently filled with hot air. Kind of like politicians.
A giant katamari of triangle things sunk in the sea. We don't want to touch it. It's filled with gross creatures.
A box made of cardboard. Close it? Open it? Either way is fine, but you can only pick one.
People who walk down the street ringing these often are carrying some kind of key.
An instrument played by clacking it. Everyone always seems to strike the same pose when using it.
A creature that lazily floats in the sea. You'll get a shock if you touch one, so don't let your guard down.
An ocean creature. There's a mouth somewhere in all that hair.
A living thing, apparently. We probably wouldn't notice if it was fake.
Someone sits here all day staring at the ocean. He's too high up for conversation.
An ocean signpost. Sharks may lurk beyond, so be careful.
Packed with assorted sports equipment. There's always white chalk strewn about, too.
A large box filled with many things. Always being carted somewhere far away.
An iron box for transporting objects. Getting stuck inside is rather dangerous.
A detachable train car. There are no seats or anything, so people can't ride in it.
A place where people do their shopping. Don't expect much quiet here.
People love taking pictures of this. It's so popular that no one minds all the smoke it breathes out.
This used to be full of travelers. People still use it today, but they're a lot happier than in the past.
Filled with little energy stones. When the train runs, this gets lighter and the train gets faster.
Slower than a bullet train, but faster than a normal train. Not much of its own personality.
Some of these have beds, but living in here seems like a poor idea to Us.
A car full of baggage. Heroes fight bad guys in here a lot, too.
There's nothing but pickled plums and rice inside. Very Japanese, but We'd like some sushi in here, too.
Rice wrapped in egg. Some people draw faces on it with ketchup, which is always appreciated.
Perhaps they are finally on to Us.
A charming traditional doll. Apparently people used to have really thin eyes.
The kokeshi boss, it seems. It's big, but it still has thin eyes.
A machine that gets your clothes all soggy. Whatever was in your pockets, too.
A box that makes noise. Line your wall with these, and it's like you're really there. Whatever that means.
Not very popular, perhaps because your fingers are all black after reading.
This supports the pole you hang wet clothes from.
Where you hang laundry after you wash it. Just leave it there to dry.
Used to dry underpants and things. These are hung indoors on rainy days.
Apparently this tastes even better the next day. Maybe you should just make it the night before, then.
A pot filled with creamy white liquid. It gives you a warm happy feeling.
Generally a complete waste of time, with little redeeming social value. Great fun though.

A board that takes center stage when you need to get rid of wrinkles. Has no problems with scalding-hot irons.
A board with lots of helpful information for everyone in the neighborhood to read.
This is used for holding water.
Looks like a place for kids and dogs to have fun. Making your debut requires a fair amount of bravery.
Machines start working when you put this in special holes in the walls. The holes in your nose won't work.
Plug this into a hole in the wall, and you can stretch that hole's energy quite a distance.
Unused (the rice is so delicious it makes people cry.)
Comes with freebies that make children happy.
A flat container for food. You can also spin it around with a long stick.
A basket for all sorts of different fruit. Often seen hung on walls inside ornate picture frames.
Blows smoke and other foul odors outside. We think it should get some fresh air every now and then.
A clock made into a bird's house. The freeloader bird is obviously causing a lot of trouble.
Occasionally takes a peek outside. He's probably looking for a new home. This one is too noisy.
A house where dogs live. They must have forgotten to attach the door.
Showers for flowers. You could probably make very small rainbows with this, too.
A wooden ladle found outdoors, for drinking spring water.
A wall meant to protect the beautiful flowers. Perhaps a little too small to have much effect.
There's a country somewhere with a flower garden that has nothing but these.
Its head is completely white, perhaps because it's older than the other flowers.
Who could have imagined such an ugly seedling would become so beautiful? Its parents must be so happy.
A transient, forlorn plant that blossoms beautifully for a mere week.
A stand to place New Year's round rice-cake.
A place to put a telephone. It would really like to hold something besides a telephone.
This caused a major ruckus back in the day, but lately it's much quieter and more stationary.
A highway for electricity, but with fewer traffic jams and accidents.
A grass-and-stick bed for chicks. There's no room for a mattress.
A small strawberry garden. Apparently these are tastier if you grow them yourself.
A stack of papers filled with numbers. Apparently you have to hang this on the wall the entire year.
A package of carefully lined up strawberries. They're all blushing red because their butts are pointing upward.
Clothing worn when engaging in physical activity at school. They conveniently have names written on them.
A shelf filled with Grandpa's treasures. He'll be angry if you hit it with a ball.
Water that falls from the sky. Only God knows if it's really water.
Deep fried pork topped with egg on rice. A delicious dish from Japan.
A handy wall you slide back and forth to partition off rooms. Some people complain they don't offer enough privacy.
A wall that's easy to pick up and move around. Very convenient, yet you don't see it in modern homes much.
Placed up high, so children can't open or close it. It must be guarding some kind of grown-up secret.
It's polite to wet your finger before poking holes in this paper window.
Mix up the ice cream? Eat it as is? It's quite the conundrum.
People hit balls toward this. Watch out for the hole in the ground that's usually nearby.
They say these are fast, but this one isn't moving at all. It must be waiting for the tortoise.
A portable stairway. Doing a handstand on top of these is apparently an ancient Japanese custom.
Its head turns white over time, just like people.
The fluffy bits fly away with just a little blow, so you have to be very careful around it.
A very sweet food. It usually melts before entering your stomach, so you need to eat it quickly.
We shouldn't need to explain what this character means anymore.
This is pronounced "tai." Combined with "ken" this means "to experience."
This is pronounced "ken." Like many kanji, it has many different meanings.
This is pronounced "chu." This means "middle" or "during." How confusing!
A sugary blob. Very hard, so all you can do is suck it.
A food made of solidified milk. We are not sure why they made it so hard to drink.
It always blossoms on the one day you forget to look.
It looks like a trumpet, but makes no sound when you blow in it.
A beautifully-colored flower. Some people like flattening them in books.
You can eat this even when it's moldy. The human stomach must be sturdy indeed.
A box filled with reddish fruit.
A holder for pencils and scissors and things. There's often a tiny eraser lurking on the bottom somewhere.
Often compared to grasshoppers, but they really look nothing alike.
A small, easy-to-eat candy. Lick it, bite it, swallow it whole. It's all good.
A place where fresh foods gather. After coming here, they all fly off to different parts of the country.
This is supposedly electrified, but chickens can stand on it without turning into fried chicken.
A reliable light that stands on rocky shores. Prevents ships from crashing into the land with its shining eye.
There must be a really big flashlight inside. The cost of batteries must be incredible.
A large public bath. No swimsuits allowed.
Is that smoke or steam coming out of it?
A wall painted in white. Graffiti will really stand out here, but you'll be in deep trouble afterwards.
Holds machines that heat up water. You'll never have trouble finding water for instant noodles here.
There appear to be 2 entrances: one is for men and the other is for women. Best not use the wrong one!
A pole with lots of faces on it. If one of them wants to see something, they all have to face it together.
They'll never be able to see each other's faces.
An ad for a place where you hear screams every time you pass by. Oddly, people go there anyway.
An ad for a bunch of stores. You won't win any prize for visiting all of them, however.
This place neatens up your head. So popular that some people visit even when it's obviously unnecessary.
An ad for an eye doctor. That's all.
Looks like there's room for @1 items. You have collected @0.


A place where important people talk. Also used as a meeting place for children.
This place is hot in summer and cold in winter, making it good for building character while exercising.
We can't help but feel very close to this thing.
A table where people read your palm and put down cards. It's used by mysterious people who can see the future.
Its light weight and compact size makes it very convenient. A sumo wrestler probably couldn't sit here, though.
The lines on your palm apparently have a lot to tell you.
A ball that smashes into things and breaks them into dust.
Put this over the window on hot days, and you'll feel a little cooler.
It explodes, but for some reason that makes people happy.
Nobody knows where the ashes go afterwards.
A handy staircase that lets you reach high places. We haven't seen one that reaches up to heaven yet.
He must think that's a super-cool pose. We think he's trying a little too hard.
A handy box that can hold many things, but poor planning can result in inconvenient clutter.
Fill it with water and use it to wash clothes or bathe your children.
A box without a lid. It doesn't look very useful.
There's usually a room deep inside that you aren't allowed to enter.
Lights up a room with the flick of a switch. If they put one in the sky, it'd be bright at night, too!
A ball filled with very important liquid. They won't be using this for too much longer, We hear.
A small shelf to stand books on. It tends to fall down unless you have enough books to fill it.
A tool for measuring the length of things. You'll need to connect several together to measure longer things.
Lights up the surroundings. There are many different kinds.
A scary-looking creature that lives in a net of its own creation. Appears to enjoy precarious spots.
An instrument that plays clear, cool sounds. We don't see anyone playing it, though.
Used for when you want to hang something on the wall. Not many people play by swinging from this.
An indispensable item that stops fires with white smoke. It's best if you don't have to use this much.
A cute and easy-to-care-for pet said to bring good luck to its master. You don't even need to give it food.
Sit on this, and faraway places suddenly seem a little closer.
This is usually gulped down quickly, so you can't test the health of your gums with it.
A bubbly drink. Even after the bubbles are gone, it's still pretty sweet and tasty.
A drink that energizes your entire body. You can drink it even if you aren't an athlete.
A magical liquid that turns things red. Mother gets angry when you put this on your clothes.
A brush for painting things. Brushing your teeth with this is a very bad idea.

A cute little umbrella for children. It's not as cute when adults carry it. That's just useless and bizarre.
Used in all sorts of food, but it's rare to see someone actually eat it.
No matter how heavy this gets, the total amount of money inside will be quite paltry.
Put this in your mouth to make froth. You'll also need the cream that comes with it.
Filled with tasty-looking cream. People spit it out, though, so it can't taste that good.
It may be tasty, but gulping it down all at once isn't good for your body.
A giant stone katamari. Make sure to step out of the way when you see one.
A house for birds, complete with food, drink, and a place to sleep. Might be a little small, however.
Unravel it and stick it on stuff, and the patterned part will start thinning out.
You probably cannot cross the Pacific Ocean with this.
A long, vertical piece of paper with a black-and-white drawing on it. Some people hide stuff behind it.
Disposable wooden chopsticks. Trees are disappearing because people throw so many of these out.
Put money in the top, and take money out from the bottom. If you can't get the money out, breaking it also works.
Some people smile when they look inside, others grimace. It must contain a very dramatic story, indeed.
A panel that contains cherished memories. Some people stare at it while tears roll down their face.
Look at the paper coming out from the side. It's all the same drawing!
Its proud scales shall glisten no more. It seems they finally got all the slime out.
A dreamlike place where you can play, party, and multiply your dollars, but it usually ends as just a dream.
Juicy meat wrapped in a doughy skin. You can eat the little green balls, too.
The part that comes out after peeling the skin off. Removing the white part doesn't change the taste at all.
Tart and not very tasty. This usually gets thrown out.
Similar to an orange, but much easier to peel. Not very tasty at all with the skin still on...
A column planted by the entrance to houses. The bigger it is, the richer the owner.
A light that illuminates the entrance. It doesn't flash or spin around or anything.
A box that keeps food cold. Leaving its door open during the summer is not very economical as an air conditioner.
A piece taken from a fish. There are sometimes hooks caught inside, so be careful.
A sign that leads you to your dreams. Some people go off into dreamland just by looking at this sign.
A shelf filled with nothing but shoes. That slight smell isn't your imagination.
A tree filled with fruit that look like little butts.
A dreamlike seat that makes you feel super happy when you sit down and swing on it.
A pole that blocks cars' paths. Some have metal strings attached to them.

A wonderful device that makes everyone happy when you shoot it at someone who looks cheerful.
A handy device you can pile several heavy objects on and move all at once.
Lots of really fast cars shoot under this ring.
A sign from a 24-hour store that's an indispensable part of city living.
Is it gull-flavored kelp, or kelp-flavored gull? We have no idea.
A place to dry ocean seaweed in the sunlight. Not as good for drying hair.
A gate by the school entrance. Jumping it will make the scary teacher angry at you.
Everyone gets excited when this is lit. Some people even start dancing.
Everyone gets even more excited when this is lit. Some people just sit and gaze at it for hours.
Now We're getting really, really excited. By this point, it's not unheard of to start whooping and hollering.
Cars that go in here come out all happy, but We don't see any bath or cafeteria or anything.
The door's probably closed because they're doing secret research on how to make cars happy.
Bundles of rubber that go flying when a car hits them. Thanks to these, cars escape from crashes without getting hurt.
A vital bundle of rubber put between cars and walls that keeps walls from getting hurt.
Standing on this makes your body stiffen and your mind blank out, so be careful.
The guy who stands in front of this is often busy getting drink all over himself. He's smiling, so it's all right.
A bunch of burning sticks and leaves. If you're lost, making one of these will apparently get you rescued.
It's probably excited about what it's going to transform into next.
So fun that people line up just to get inside. The people lining up don't look very healthy though.
The P stands for pachinko. We think.
A helpful store open all hours of the day. We wonder when the clerk goes to sleep.
This looks like a flower, but it's actually a giant pile of small bugs.
There are some vacation spots made entirely of these.
This piece is very popular. It's always surrounded by fish.
Whether on land or in the ocean, this has the power to endlessly fascinate people.
This is the same color as the ocean, so it could be hard to spot.
This isn't any fun by itself. You need a giant spinning wheel, too.
We don't know what this factory builds, but apparently it's something important.
It's not good to breathe the smoke that comes out of the tubes on some of these.
A revolving floor. Cars can spin on it, so be careful!
Put these on your feet to go gliding on the snow. Not very convenient unless you're going downhill.
With these on, you'll become pigeon-toed.
Sometimes you see these going downhill all by themselves.
These poles hold you up while you're skiing. They look thin and unreliable, but they're actually pretty strong.
You can't even walk right with this attached to your feet. It may be just one board, but it's still tough to ride.
Good for vegetarians who want to try sushi.
A food made of tuna and rice rolled up into a cylinder.
A food made of tasty little red balls. You can eat the black part with it, too.
A sturdy rock katamari. Nothing but rocks... We are bored by its lack of variety, very bored.

They say an enormous caterpillar is born on this island every hundred years.
A plain old island. You can dig all you want, but you won't find anything.
An island that shines faintly at night. Nobody knows why.
Salmon stop by this island while spawning. They don't actually spawn here, however.
An island created when a meteor fell to earth ages ago. Would you call that lucky or unlucky?
A miraculous island that has never been stepped on by giant superheroes, no matter how nearby they were fighting.
They say this island is home to fairies. We'd love to battle them sometime.
If you pile food onto this, there's no way anyone could completely finish it in one go.
Harder to use as it gets shorter. We wish there was a way to extract the lead so We could use it all up.
There's an eraser on the end, and if you sharpen it, it becomes a pencil. Try to treat it nicer than that, though.
A pencil with a picture of outer space on it. However, it's mostly used on Earth, really.
Home to a seafaring man and his family. Tonight's dinner is grilled mackerel and fried mackerel.
The daughter in this family is at the age where she's a bit sensitive to the smell of fish.
The whole family wants to have meat for dinner, but nobody is brave enough to actually say so.
No matter how heavy the crane gets, this always supports it. We sense love blooming.
A place to gather and feed fish. You can't really call them pets.
He's apparently sending commands to the driver in the little car.
Stubborn person feared by all children in the neighborhood.
He often claims that his wife fell head over heels for him at first sight.
You often hear her say "This summer, I swear...!" around this season.
She gets asked this a lot because she's tall, but she's no good at either volleyball or basketball.
They say every day is a battle for him, but We have yet to see him fighting anyone.
Knows all the best restaurants. Very good at karaoke.
His daughter recently got a boyfriend, and now he's tense all day, every day.
A very sensible young man who doesn't drink or smoke. Good for him.
Loves to gossip anytime, anyplace. When she laughs, babies start screaming.
Confident she's number one at clipping coupons and doing the bargain-sale dash.
She can't help but say "Thank you. Three million yen is your change."
He's always worried about sales revenue and closing time.
He's often heard saying "I just work here."
One of the cheapest dishes on the sushi bar's menu.
No matter whether he wins or loses the match, he always thinks he's number one.
A famously brutal, vicious wrestler. Remarkably calm in the dressing room, however.
These guys say they are just "big boned," but most people just call them fat.
Good at throwing people around. He can't throw your katamari though, so don't worry.
Guys who likes spinning around and around. Watch you don't get dizzy staring at them.
Brother-in-law to the red and yellow ones.
A monster who's at his best underground, but is honest enough to come up to the surface to fight.
Didn't play many sports back in school. Loves drinking milk.
An animal whose body is made of cloth. Don't tell anyone, but there are people inside.
Apparently it's easy once you get the hang of it. Falling off hurts.
A squirmy creature. It has eight legs, so it ought to be able to walk better.
It gets called slow a lot on land, so it's decided to do its stuff in the ocean instead.
A man with tasteful facial hair. His exact profession is unclear.
It apparently takes him four hours to do his hair.
When you become an entertainment superstar, you get to fish for these.
Making calamari out of this could have very dangerous results.
This looks exceptionally big, but there are even bigger ones deep in the ocean.
A merman. His below-average looks make people wish they saw a mermaid instead.
Insects live in here. You could almost say they have a village down there.
You can hide all sorts of things in this tall grass.
Search for your missing baseball in here, and you might find something mysterious instead.
Something might be lurking inside here. Unless it isn't.
People put inside this fence occasionally start fighting feverishly. That's why it's so sturdy.
A piece of décor too big to be useful. You can't throw it away, though, since there are people inside.
This trails the path of an airplane in flight. It disappears quickly, so it's okay if it's messy.
This makes your flight path obvious, so it may be best not to use an airplane when you're fleeing somewhere.
An annoying phenomenon that brings rain with it. Kids who want to play outside hate this.
A tantalizing fence built to draw people's attention. Pretty dangerous when you're driving.
No matter how long the fence may be, when you see this, that's the end.
Don't look down on this for being a pre-fab. It's the management center for the entire zoo.
Men are asked to take one step forward.
Standing here is like going on an exciting expedition for just a few dollars.
Three small faces. They get along well enough, but they apparently have different tastes in cosmetics.
A delicious meat patty, but it seems they forgot to bring the buns.
Eat this, and bubbles blow out of your mouth. It's extremely dangerous if you swallow it.
Lots of people live here in the afternoon, but they all go away at night. There must be a ghost.
They say the seats by the window aren't any good... even though you can see outside and all.
Clothing can often be seen hung outside to dry. Perhaps some people live here.
The big boss is somewhere in here, but you won't get any praise for finding him.
We can't tell from the outside, but there may be buildings out there that are longer underground.
A green balloon. It was probably greener before it was inflated.
Get a lot of these, and it seems you can float into the air.
Even after the flavor's gone, the gum's still there. How economical!

Fall down in this and you'll make a you-shaped hole. It's fun!
Snow that solidified into a katamari. Children always tramp all over this when they walk.
No matter how large a katamari the little pieces of snow make, it's just called snow.
Even when it's this big, it'll all melt away someday. It's a little painful to think about.
Snow on Christmas Day apparently leads to romantic love.
The foundation is available only in winter. We have yet to see a year-round version.
Looks like there's room for @1 items. You have collected @0.
Looks like there's room for @1 items. You have collected @0.
Looks like there's room for @1 items. You have collected @0.
Has a much higher rank than the garden-variety R's you see every day.
They aren't worried much about the time it took for the goods to get here.
A house often seen in rural towns. The people inside live a relaxed lifestyle.
There are holes in it, so it's only good for carrying large objects.
A solid, sturdy box, but it's too low to be used as a desk or chair.
Pronounced "na," not "nuh."
A letter that represents many different emotions depending on how you pronounce it.
Short for "company." Or is that "corporation"?
He's apparently good at making stars, but We can't tell for sure because he's so small.
A slightly sunburnt cousin who enjoys going out stark naked.
A cousin who eats too much. Although he wasn't even dieting, he says he gained it all back.
A cousin who switched butts to a spikier model. It hasn't been generating much buzz.
A cousin who looks a lot like the Prince from certain angles. Apparently, he was once so surprised that his face jumped out of his body.
It's been a while since this cousin stood on her own two feet. She's gotten taller since last time, so she doesn't need to float anymore.
A cousin who We think has gotten older. The volcano on his head doesn't erupt often, but it is still active.
A cousin who gets in the way when you stand next to him. His sole redeeming feature is that he's never fallen into a manhole.
A cousin who dreams of the stars. He's given up dancing and taken up golf instead.
A cousin who does nothing but watch TV. He turns his face away while watching scary shows. That's how his head ended up like this.
A vain cousin. He's proud of his height, but he doesn't realize that his vantage point is still the same.
A cousin who messes up just about everything she does. Oddly, she never screws up when nobody is looking at her.
We are truly clueless as to who this is, but he excels at free diving. We see him pretending to be a shell on the ocean floor from time to time.
A lone-wolf cousin who likes to be alone. No matter how much time passes, he never goes back home.
A cousin with two heads. Her left and right brains are completely separate, but she isn't particularly smart.
A cousin who's happy even in the rain. She likes going out on rainy days, or maybe it just rains whenever she goes out.
A cousin with a strawberry figure. She's in the habit of eating only the strawberries in her strawberry shortcake.
A precocious cousin who recently discovered the world of fashion. She hasn't found anyone she likes yet, though.
A shaggy cousin. He's at a loss on what hairstyle to choose, but it's not just a hairstyle problem anymore.
A cousin who sparkles a lot and gets carried away with things. We wish he knew the difference between sticking out and just being a nuisance.
A cousin who's always in bad physical condition. He's good at catching inscrutable diseases.
A cousin who moves smartly now with wheels attached. Now that he's using two batteries at once, his power went up 20%.
A cousin good at blending in with surroundings. He's worried about how people always leave him behind during trips.
A cousin with a smell We find very relaxing. She isn't very good at strenuous exercise.
Apparently there are dreams here not available anywhere else.
Kind of a cool name. Calling yourself "Antiguan and Barbudan" makes you sound really extraordinary.
You can't help but say this with a dramatic flair.
Home to a gigantic waterfall. Martial artists must flock to it for their training.
A beautiful island known as the pearl of the Caribbean. There's lots of sugar, and you can lick all you want!
Home to the ruins of ancient cities. Gods were apparently worshiped inside.
A small island country in the Caribbean. Filled with the smell of tons of harvested nutmeg.
The currency of this country is the colón. Punctuation must be very valuable there.
A country with delicious coffee.
A country made from the two islands of Saint Kitts and Nevis. That's easy enough.
Your name is too long to remember, can We just call you St. Dine?
Adding "Saint" to your name seems to be quite fashionable around here.
A country with a lovely parrot on the flag. Let's try to get this on Our own flag!
This Dominica is apparently a republic. Shares an island with Haiti.
The name Tobago apparently came from the tobacco smoked by the natives.
The triangle on this country's flag has a volcano, rainbow, and hat on it.
A country whose land is mostly taken up by mountains. Bicycling must be inconvenient.
This country is so thin, they must have figured you could go right through it. It turns out you could.
A country of many small islands.
The name apparently means "the bearded ones."
A historic country with very old ruins.
A country that grows lots of delicious bananas.
Meals with tortilla are popular here, as is very spicy food.
A fairly big country full of nature. You can reportedly see penguins down south.
This nation's flag looks like Argentina's, but the sun on this one is placed differently.
A kingdom of bananas. We bet they pass out bananas to the children on field trips.
A country that still has unexplored jungle areas. The largest single-drop waterfall in the world by volume is also here.
They say that coffee from here is like none other.
Country surrounded by beautiful tropical rain forests.
A surprisingly thin country. Someone must have really stretched it out.
It doesn't border the ocean, so there probably aren't any surfers here.
They have a festival where people dress flashy, put on lots of feathers, and dance like crazy.
A country with lots of oil. The people there must be slipping and sliding on the ground all the time.
A country with really big birds. They fly away if you approach them, so you must view them from the sky.
They mine a lot of tin here. You could make a ton of robots with that.
This is apparently home to many strange creatures, including a giant hopping animal with a pouch.
This is apparently home to Christmas Island. They must get presents there every day. We are jealous.
This country apparently has no addresses. We wonder how the postman copes.
Some people here build houses on top of trees. If you roll over in your sleep, you might fall out. How scary.
Even the highest point in this country is only about five meters. You won't find any mountaineers here.
This place apparently has generations of large kings. We are sure they're not on the same level as our King of the Cosmos, however.
The third-smallest country in the world. Apparently the island was made by an albatross.
Sheep apparently outnumber people here. It's only a matter of time before there's a revolution.
The birthplace of bungee jumping. There's also an underwater post office. It's a strange place.
There are apparently 800 languages used in this country.
If you're from Japan, you can just speak Japanese here. Sugoi!
A paradise surrounded by blue ocean. The color's very refreshing, but it still tastes salty.
This group of pretty islands is often likened to a pearl necklace. It's a little too big to wear, though.
Lots of islands are scattered all over the place here. It must be hard to visit all your relatives.
A country surrounded by mountain ranges. We hear cricket is popular here.
A country that holds races to decide the fastest horse in the world. The prize money's world-class, too.
This country has a strong and mysterious Arabian flair.
Borders not only the Mediterranean, but the extra-salty Dead Sea, too.
Apparently they tried building a really tall tower here a long time ago.
They make really expensive rugs here. We'd hesitate to put them anywhere they might be stepped on.
This country has a lot of people in it. Famous for cuisine with lots of spices.
A place with more islands than anywhere else in the world.
The capital of this country is Muscat, so the place must be packed with grapes.
Apparently some sort of disaster happened at Doha, the capital of this country, a long time ago. We aren't up on the details.
World-famous ruins are said to be located here.
An island in the sea and the supposed birthplace of Venus. Cooked cheese is the local specialty.
A small but super rich nation, thanks to a precious liquid. We feel a little admiration and jealousy.
This country has lots of a liquid that everyone wants.
Home to a very old clay tablet. It has characters on it, but of course We can't read them.
A country known for the statue of an animal spewing water out of its mouth.
The capital is Sri Jayewardenepura Kotte. That's a bit long.
A country famous for rice, ruins, and kick boxers. It used to be called Siam.
A place with very stretchy ice cream. It's so nice and long. We might get caught up in it.
Lots of really tall mountains soar into the air here.
A small island country in the Persian Gulf. There's a 25 km bridge connecting it to Saudi Arabia.
They're called the Harappa ruins. The name sounds fun.
A small country packed with people. Looks like you can still get inside though.
A country comprised of over 7,000 islands. It must be hard to find names for them all.
Not too many people from other countries go here.
The king of this country is apparently incredibly rich. To be perfectly honest, We are pretty jealous.
The traditional dress of Vietnam is the ao dai. We'd love to try one on some day.
There are apparently no last names in Malaysia. You probably run into a lot of people with your name.
We aren't sure of the details, but there's apparently a good harp here.
A country of lots of small islands south of India. We would like to live someplace like this after We retire.
Apparently they have sumo wrestling in Mongolia. It's a little different from the Japanese variety.
Home to a very salty lake. We don't know if they use the water for cooking or what.
You can get an elephant handler's license here. We really want one, but it would be hard to keep in Our palace.
The capital is Beirut, but they don't grow roots there.
A country filled with spicy food. You won't spout fire or anything, though, so it's safe to enjoy freely.
Apparently has more than 4,000 years of history. The pandas don't live that long, though.
Fujiyama! Geisha! Samurai! Ninja! Anime and videogames are all the rage here, too.
Country on the northern half of the Korean Peninsula.
Achieved its independence just a little while back. The name means "east east," or so We hear. Best of luck to it.
Full of sand as far as the eye can see. People there must make splendid sandcastles.
There seems to be lots of oil beneath the ground here. Diamonds, too.
There's a bird on the flag, but its inhabitants are human. It's not a country of birds or anything.
A nation full of really old buildings. The mystical pyramid power keeps everyone's chi flowing.
A nation famous for coffee and marathon runners. Maybe the coffee makes you run really fast.
A country that's been around for less than a decade. Slowly but surely, they're building up their history.
Ghana is all about cacao, the sweet, happy basis of chocolate. The country is full of it.
A collection of islands in the Atlantic Ocean. Nobody lived there when it was discovered, apparently.
A country with a very hearty-sounding name.
Not to be confused with macaroons, which are probably a lot tastier than Cameroons.
A long, thin country built by a river, so using a boat in it could be really convenient.
Apparently you can mine a lot of aluminum.
Guinea-Bissau, the capital of Guinea. How easy to remember. We like it.
Apparently the people here have such great eyes that they can spot animals from a kilometer away.
This area is rich in the raw materials for chocolate.
They found a fish from ancient times still living in this place. We'd like to try searching for others.
The flag's different from the Democratic Republic of the Congo next door, so make sure you get them right.
A country that has both a rainforest and savannah in it.
A small country made up of small islands. There isn't a prince named São Tomé here or anything.
A nation that's home to a really big waterfall. That must really excite the fish in the river.
A country whose cool name means "Lion Mountain." If someone named Sierra owned it, it'd be Sierra Sierra.
A small country with bustling ports. It's pretty hot, so bring a swimsuit.
A nation that's home to a giant ruin made of stones. Making things with stones is tough.
Apparently the biggest country in the area. Also very hot.
The king of this country apparently gets to marry someone every year. The place must be full of princes.
115 islands make up this country. We'd love nothing more than to roll them all up into a single katamari.
It's called that because it's right on the equator. If it were under the highway, it'd be Interstate Guinea.
A race run with cars in the desert finishes here.
A sharp, jagged country in a far corner of Africa. It won't puncture anything, though, so don't worry.
Earthlings were apparently born around here, but nobody seems to remember it.
The name of its capital starts with "N" and an apostrophe. We're not quite sure how to pronounce that.
The exact measurements might be slightly off, but this is pretty much in the center of Africa.
People here used to wage war riding elephants. We think that lions would be stronger.
Long and thin, making it easy to point out landmarks by saying, "at the top," or, "in the middle."
The most populous nation in Africa. Apparently pretty good at soccer.
Apparently has a really huge valley. Don't get rowdy near it, or you might crack the earth along the seam.
A place full of sand. We buried some treasure here, but We forgot where We hid it after a while.
A nation with set dry and rainy seasons, making it easy to plan out your social schedule.
Those three stars on the flag are very cool.
A country by the ocean, but with a lot of desert, too. You can see it all here. We are quite jealous.
The best place in the world for finding really expensive jewels.
They have something called baobab trees here. A three-month-old must have come up with that name.
A splendid country that's home to a really large lake, but doesn't keep it all to themselves.
Apparently this is not the country that makes the balls Japanese kids play with.
A nation on the southern tip of Africa, hence the name. How kind of them to name it that way.
Famous for its beach resorts.
Apparently this nation used to be full of flightless birds. They must have finally flown off.
Apparently you can eat camel here. If you're wondering what's inside those humps, this may be the place to find out.
They sell beautiful rugs here. There are deserts, too. It's all very exotic.
This nation's flag is pure green. The country itself is probably not quite as green.
The name comes from a word meaning "freedom."
A nation populated with huge gorillas. If you pay close attention, you might hear them beating their chests.
You can go horseback riding here. The horses must be getting tired of walking around.
An island of land covered in ice. The volcanos are very active.
Pass by here, and you can hear soothing music.
There's a two-headed bird on this nation's flag. Maybe you can meet it if you visit. It's a bit scary, though.
A country right in the mountains between two other nations. Every direction is downhill from here, making trips to other countries easy.
A country full of proper gentlemen. The men's suit stores must run a bustling business.
This nation is shaped like a giant boot, but the heel's pretty high, so watch you don't trip.
One of the three Baltic states. This is the most northern of the three.
A country famous for its music. Kids with incredible singing voices live here.
Tulips blossom brightly under the spinning windmills here. The whole country seems like a fairy tale.
A country with 12 different gods. It must be difficult to decide which one to pay homage to.
A really famous dog who has 101 brothers and sisters was born here.
An independent country surrounded by Italy.
Saving money in a bank here is proof that you're rich.
Sometimes the sun doesn't set at night here. Someone must have made it angry.
A country famous for paella. We heard they had a festival where they throw tomatoes at each other.
They make beautiful glass cups and things here. They make lots, but breaking them is still bad.
Its best feature is the mountains drawn on its flag.
A country where they sell eggs with pretty designs on them. They must hatch some nicely-patterned chickens.
A man who wrote fantastic fairy-tales lived in this country. Maybe there used to be fairies here.
Many adults here enjoy a yellow fizzy drink.
Walking along the coastline took Us a lot of time. We really should have taken a normal road.
An independent country in the capital of Italy.
The people here must have been extremely hungry to name their country after it.
An old man who comes along every Christmas lives here. If you want toys, this is the place for you.
Apparently they have a lot of good food.
Apparently the stuff made from fermented milk is good.
The setting for a story starring a big dog and a sad little boy.
A person here discovered that the Earth moves. He must have been extremely sensitive.
This country gave Japan many words, like tempura. What a delicious word.
It's called Malta, but apparently it's not where chocolate malt comes from.
A world-renowned race is held here.
One of the three Baltic states. This is the center of the three.
One of the three Baltic states. This is the most southern of the three.
A cute little nation... not that the people who live here are little.
The name apparently means "small castle and fortress," but the castle's actually really big, so don't joke about it.
There used to be a scary bloodsucking guy here. Don't worry, though. He seems to be gone now.
This used to be in Yugoslavia. The people here won't be too angry if you can't find it on a map.
Pixies that played soccer lived here a long time ago. Japan should put yokai on their team, too.
It might look landlocked, but its little tiny pointy part is on the Adriatic Sea.
Not Azerbaiyan or Azerbaijohn or anything else. It's Azerbaijan.
This looks like it might be a palindrome, but it isn't, so be careful.
A place full of black soil and black seas and things, but it's not trying to look cool.
There used to be a silk road going through here. It must have vanished once they realized what a waste it was, having people tramping all over the silk.
Home to a lot of people who wander around on horses.
A country once involved with the trade route called the silk road.
It has a Black Sea, but you can't write with the water. It's best to just use some ink instead.
Its capital, Dushanbe, means "Monday."
The Caspian Sea next to this country has a tasty-sounding name, but drinking it up would upset the residents, so don't do it.
We think this name is cool. It sounds like a nation that can fly through the air.
Renowned for producing fine wines.
The people here like a drink that warms your throat when you drink it. We much prefer hot sauce.
An island north of Canada. Has something to do with Norway.
Apparently this place is so cold that you have to wear a jacket on top of your jacket.
Many shops that look like festivals are found here.
We are always gorgeous. Our size changes depending on Our mood and the local atmospheric pressure.
A woman feared by even Us, the King of All Cosmos. She has little trouble coming up with delicious dinner menus these days.
A second cousin who damages things just by walking around, including himself, but he's still a nice guy.
A timid second cousin who's always worried about other people. Praise him, and his face just lights up. How pure.
This second cousin's hands could never, ever reach his face. We wonder how he eats his food.
A healthy second cousin who only eats fruits and vegetables. The pants he's wearing are custom-made.
A slightly annoying second cousin who kicks up lots of dust whenever she moves. So she doesn't move much, out of courtesy.
The upside-down triangle look of this second cousin has been with him since birth. He looks strong, but he's a pacifist who hates fighting.
This second cousin is like Cupid. The hearts on her body change whenever she gets a couple together.
A second cousin whose pink feet shoot out milk, making it hard for her to run. Her punctuality suffers because of it.
This second cousin is a masked pro-wrestler. He is very protective of his private life.
This second cousin wants to be in the top three in whatever she does, but she usually ends up around sixth place.
We are not sure where the neck is on this second cousin. He always needs help when putting on a scarf.
A stubborn second cousin. When he disagrees with something, he rotates his head so fiercely that it catches fire.
A gold-medalist second cousin who can swim the 100-meter freestyle without lifting her face to breathe.
A second cousin who can move through the air on windy days. His presence is slight.
This second cousin has strength and flexibility. She can tell how well-done a roast is with her fingertip.
Not even this second cousin knows which is his real face. Good at switching from one to the other to keep people guessing.
A basket for dirty clothes. You should probably just wash your underpants yourself.
This starts to shake when you carry bottles or other long, thin things on it.
This is full of tools for cutting and poking cloth. A torture kit, as far as cloth's concerned.
A chain made from colored paper. It's pretty, but we don't think it would be very good for chaining the dog.
The teacher put all sorts of stuff in here when you weren't paying attention.
Grass that sways lazily at the bottom of the ocean. Take it out, and it flops around lifelessly.
A car that goes around spreading nice smells. It usually appears soon after its trademark music.
They're probably walking around selling the stuff they couldn't fit in the shop.
A TV that dreams of growing up to be a big plasma screen HDTV someday.
If you forget where you put something, you'll often find it here. Lose it in here, and you're done for.
People don't like to sit in this chair much, but it's not uncomfortable or anything.
A magical desk. Sit in front of it, and no matter what you do, your parents will praise you.
A soft, warm, happy place. All sorts of stuff is hidden under here.
There aren't any prizes hidden inside or anything.
A mysterious katamari that disappears over time. There was a famous doll made out of this.
This must be the ultimate weapon in snowball fights.
An inconvenient bridge that appears and disappears without warning. The colors are pretty, but it's useless.
A cloud in the sky. Stare at it long enough, and it starts to look like a sheep.
A cloud that suddenly appears on hot summer days. It can see everything from up there. That's kind of scary.
A surprisingly tall cloud. It reminds Us of summer.
Looks pretty wound-up. Touching it might shock you, so stay away.
This cloud attacks things that stick out too much. It'd be best not to open an umbrella under one.
This cloud is so miffed that it's darkening the entire town.
This cloud drops rain, making it popular with frogs. Almost cute when it's this small.
Apparently made of water droplets. We wonder why the cloud doesn't fall along with the rain.
A cloud that dumps piles of rain on the ground. You could use this instead of showering, We suppose.
A cute little cloud. It's not particularly rare.
A cloud that breaks apart and joins together in ever-changing shapes. Stare at it, and your troubles will fly away.
If this were all cotton candy, We would be in a very sticky situation.
A cloud that looks kind of like a banana. We wonder if you can slip and fall on it.
This cloud looks like a piece of meat We thought We had. We must be getting pretty hungry.
A flowery cloud. Looks like there's a ton of pollen inside.
A well-inflated cloud that would be very safe to drive with.
A fun-looking cloud in the shape of a trumpet. It would be neat if blowing this made note clouds come out.
Dummy (unrollable)
Dummy (unrollable)
If you don't know what to give your girlfriend for a present, you're probably okay going with this flower.
A cute and popular flower. It's often found in lines of red, white, and yellow.
It can blossom even without windmills nearby. If you're worried it won't, you can always build a small one.
A princess was once born in one of these flowers. Maybe it'll give birth to a prince next.
A cute pink flower. The color is different, but it tastes the same as the other colors. Gross.
A large flower that looks like the sun. May not be the best kind for "he loves me, he loves me not."
Wild chrysanthemums may not be chic like city flowers, but their flower word will always mean "beautiful."
Apparently people rip off its petals when they can't make up their minds about something. The flowers do not appreciate it.
Women like to run through blooming fields of these with their arms stretched wide.
There are many different colors, but We've never seen a multicolored one. The hues must not get along very well.
A flower in the process of blooming. A flower child, if you will.
These buds never just suddenly open and surprise people.
Even if you try to help him open up, this stubborn little guy just won't bloom.
Pinning this on your clothing is pretty meaningless. It may make you pretty, though.
Nothing happens if you poke this. Any honeybees on it might get angry at you, though.
People on camping trips use this to heat up canned food. The results are rarely tasty.
A group of several broken boulders. They probably can't fuse together to form a bigger boulder.
A house for fish. It's smaller than the ocean, and the residents love the food falling from above.
This tube contains an item that makes you cry when you receive it. Also makes wonderful sounds when you blow through it.
A box with lots of paints inside. The paints are neatly organized, but the rest is a mess.
A blue paint used for drawing skies and oceans. There are lots of other uses, too.
It's not made of ground-up leaves, so don't worry about harming the environment.
A black paint. Just a little bit can have a dramatic effect, so watch you don't use too much.
A red paint. Put the lid back on tightly or it'll get all hard.
There's not that much yellow paint left. Don't apply too much force, or you'll break through the bottom.
Put the brush in here when you're painting. Can be used to create three-colored water.
Just holding this will make you feel like a real artist.
Lunch for schoolkids. Usually contains boring old sandwiches, and a piece of fruit if you're lucky.
A book with lots of numbers and symbols. It doesn't appear to be very interesting.
It seems like all sorts of amazing things happened long, long ago.
A hanger for drying rags. Handkerchiefs and underwear are probably all right, too.
This occasionally emits an incredible smell, so be careful.
You can write on and erase this strange board. Scratching it with your nails is strictly prohibited.




A home for books. You'll get chewed out if you don't return your books to the proper place.
A large desk for teacher use. It's very heavy, which makes moving and cleaning around it difficult.
This blocks outdoor light from entering. Use it right, and you'll become a hide-and-seek master.
A classroom letter box for students to post their comments. Many kids throw in leftovers from lunch. How stinky.
This sucks up white powder with incredible force. It makes a lot of noise for such an unimpressive task.
Halfway through class, this starts to feel the stares from all over. Appears to move at half-speed.
This calligraphy says "egg." It must be written large so the writer won't forget to buy some later.
This calligraphy says "balloon." We don't think that's right, but if it says it so many times, We're loath to disagree.
Apparently a letter for someone's mother... but the body of the letter is missing.
A desk for a VIP teacher. Kids seldom get to touch it.
A smallish wall used to section off rooms. It's also good for sticking up papers and hanging files.
A gorgeous chair that the principal sits on. We're sure he spins around on it when he's got nothing to do.
Anyone can see its contents, so you can't put anything really important in here.
A shelf packed with books. If you read them all, you could probably become a splendid teacher.
A kind of expensive-looking plate. The world goes into slow motion when you break it.
A plain round plate. The perfect thing for practicing plate-spinning.
Yes, it's not actually square, but We call it square because We can't think of a name to describe its shape.
This is used in a game where you compete to line up pictures. It doesn't look that impressive to Us.
There are a lot of balls drawn on this, but it still isn't worth anything by itself.
The characters on it mean "ten thousand," but this doesn't really seem to be worth 10,000 points.
The characters mean "90,000." 90,000 of what, We have no idea.
This character indicates the direction where the sun rises. Maybe it lights up in the morning.
This character indicates the direction of warmer areas. We tried touching it, but it wasn't warm at all.
This character indicates the direction where the sun sets. Maybe it turns red when evening comes.
This character indicates the direction of areas where snow often falls. It isn't cold if you touch it, though.
Nothing's written on this at all. It must be a defective tile.
A large TV that has just recently started to feel its age.
A large device teachers use to measure angles. It's probably too big to use during tests.
A huge triangle. Someone must really love geometry.
A tool that can draw really big circles. It's still too small to draw the Earth, however.
This can be filled with water. You can use it as a cup, but We wouldn't want to.
A small wooden toy hammer used to knock over stacks of blocks. We doubt it can be used to pound nails.
A small child's lunch. It's very colorful, and looks quite delicious.
The whole family can eat this lunch together. Not bringing enough side dishes may lead to arguments.
A food made by trapping other foods between pieces of bread.
You spread this on the floor when you want to sit down. People who hate chairs should carry this wherever they go.
A container that retains the temperature of the beverage inside. Very useful for field trips.
A soft, warm, sugary cake. Goes hand-in-hand with syrup and butter.
A sweet cake made of lots and lots of layers. Peeling off and eating it layer by layer is pretty difficult.
Spicy, tasty liquid. Sipping this by itself will leave you feeling like something's missing.
Vegetables, meat, seafood and other stuff baked in a pancake, with special sauce on top. Spectacular.
A vegetable wrapped in leaves. It's a shame that most of it is inedible.
Very, very sweet bread. We don't think they baked a whole melon into the loaf, though.
A pastry with chocolate cream inside. Watch out! There might be plastic film sticking to the bottom.
A cute little strawberry-themed pastry. The mandarin oranges really make the strawberries stand out.
A parfait packed with chocolate. Some people claim to have a separate stomach for desserts.
A dessert made of soft cream that rolls off the tongue. We're surprised it can roll by itself.
A piece of ice cream you snap in half before eating.
Two or three scoops are best if you want lots of flavor. Four or more are best if you just want lots of color.
A rare fish filled to the brim with sweet bean paste. It ran away from the storekeeper after an argument.
Tasty filling wrapped in a thin covering, then baked or steamed. They make your breath stink the next day.
This railroad is really small, so We think it's a toy.
The perfect thing for building corners. It doesn't come with a warning mirror, though.
The coolest part of any train set. You can't move without this, but running it by itself is kind of weird.
This guy has it easy. He's just pulled by the lead car all day. You can make really looong trains with these.
Build up a column and break it down again, and you can be a delinquent, too!
We have never seen anything quite this blue before.
Are they blocks because they block things, or because they were made by blockheads? We aren't sure.
When these fall down, don't give up! If you keep building, you'll build character, too.
This amazing object may look like an ordinary piece of wood, but when you put a bunch together, you can make all sorts of things.
We don't think you absolutely have to stack these blocks. Still, We can't help but do that whenever We see them.
It's made of the latest in plastic and chrome. Perhaps it's the human race's newest weapon.
A horse made of wood. It doesn't go anywhere, but merely rocking on it will make you feel happy.
This item can stick pieces of paper together. It looks kind of like lipstick, but you shouldn't smear it on your lips.
This has a picture of a little witch girl on it, but it doesn't magically give you the test answers or anything.
This isn't used for much except twirling around your finger.
This can measure the angles on all sorts of things. You can even see how square that block of cheese is!
A needle with a little ball on its head. Even if you remove the ball, there won't be a hole you can run a thread through.
A needle you put through pieces of cloth to keep them from sliding apart. You can't actually wear it as a dress.
A cushion with lots of pins stuck in it. Apparently not a piece of artwork.
A tool that lets you make fire with your thumb. It's a bit too small to fend off the cold, though.
This grows smaller and smaller as it burns. It tries so hard, too. It's very painful to watch.
Apparently you blow these out on happy occasions, but any other time you'll just get yelled at.
Regrettably, this cannot clip together the love of two faraway souls.
Some people show off by attaching lots of these to their face, then ripping them all off in one swoop.
They say sumo wrestlers eat their meals straight from this pot. No wonder they're so big.
A seed you can eat. It won't sprout if you bury it in the ground, unfortunately.
A seed from an oak tree. Carry some with you, and squirrels will be your friend.
A small plant that grows at the side of the road. Apparently finding one with four leaves is good luck.
Put a lot of these together, and you can make a complete picture. We think they should have just made a whole picture.
A flower seed adored by animals with cute front teeth. Some greedy ones fill their cheeks with them.
A drink cap. Use your teeth to open it with flair.
You can squeeze coffee essence out of this bean. Do not stick it in your nose or ears.
A strangely-shaped stick used to open doors. Even if you put it in a door, if it doesn't have the right shape, the door won't open.
A small but important thing. Without this pushed in, the pedals won't budge an inch.
It's sturdier than We first thought. You can't break this too easily, so it's probably safe to trust.
This opens with a click when you get the numbers right. It's best if forgetful people don't use this.
Sumo wrestlers fight in this ring. People throw salt in here before the match, so it probably tastes really salty.
A boat that moves with the wind. We doubt that the wind will ever take it to its destination, though.
A scary boat that attacks other boats. The captain's right hand is a hook, which has its advantages.
Some of the things sold here are actually available pretty much anywhere. So be careful.
You can hang many different things here. We've never seen anyone hang their laundry on this, though.
A place that sells nothing but food you can eat right away.
Things bought here are mostly given to other people. So why buy them in the first place?
This zoo is really big, so they might need an info marker to point out the location of this info marker.
This always speaks to you in a loud voice, even if you're near. It also doesn't answer if you respond.
This car is really cool. We've never seen one in town, either, so it must be really valuable.
Buses that allow you to be viewed by the animals set out from here.
If you're short on time, you should just see everything at once from here.
If you're tired of walking, you can always slide down this. Overdoing it could result in injury, though.
We find it a little sad that you can't feed them anything, even though they're all caged up.
Shows a bird's-eye view of the zoo. This is a little big and unwieldy to carry around with you.
These arrows tell you a lot, but We still aren't exactly sure where We should go.
This is disguised as an animal, but it's really a car. The fact that animals approach it is evidence of its perfect subterfuge.
Apparently you can become a ninja if you jump over these every day.
This may have come out of some magician's mouth. That's kind of unhygienic.
Apparently a separating fence that lets small things in, but keeps big things out.
The cute animals in here are a lot more fun to be around than the kids.
Home to giant snakes, man-eating fish, and other scary creatures. It's probably dangerous to go near here.
This isn't very big for a farm.
Someone should tell the management that the Arctic is further north than this.
Buses run through here, but there aren't any stops along the way. It'd be inconvenient to live here.
Insect conferences are held under this at night.
If you draw really big characters like this one, the teacher will praise you.






We wonder how effective it is to uproot naturally growing trees, then plant them down again like this.
People never get into fights inside this fence. Even if it looks like they're fighting, they're probably just playing.
A hard worker that supports everyone, whether brushed lightly or gripped tightly.
A gate that leads to a really wild place. It would be bothersome to have this in front of your house.
Go under this to visit a place where you can make friends with the animals.
Through this gate lies thrilling adventure, or so We thought. In reality, the road's already been marked out.
This sign reads "Mother." We aren't sure exactly whose mother this sign is calling for.
This sign reads "Nature." This was obviously made by people, yet it persists in its bold-faced lie.
This sign reads "Memorial." Apparently this is asking readers not to let go of their memories.
This sign means "to move."
This sign means "thing." Put this and the previous kanji together to make the word for "animal."
This sign means "park." So, there you have it! All the kanji together mean "Zoo." We think it would be easier to just write "Zoo."
A crane made out of pretty paper. Nobody seems to point out that it has no legs.
A cute paper crane. You can puff out its stomach and spread its wings, if you like.
Even if you pluck a real crane, it won't look like this. It's best not to try it.
Apparently dislikes other cranes made out of gold and silver paper.
This guy's pretty spiky. Getting pecked with its beak must hurt a lot.
He thinks he's unique, but there are dozens more just like him.
You don't know which side will be the head until just before it's complete. How very exciting.
A string made of lots of cranes. They must have run out of energy after the 50th one.
A brand new character who's made out of paper. It's hard to feel affection for it as it has no face.
Origami shaped like a samurai's hat. Put it on, and you'll feel much braver than before.
An airplane made out of paper. People often mess around with the wings too much and render it earthbound.
A flower with an eternally fiery color. Pinning one to your breast is considered snobby.
Someone must have cared about this one a lot more than the others.
After the TV's installed, people often put weird objects in whatever space is left.
Udon noodles with fried tofu on top. The name means "fox noodles," but it's not actually made with fox meat.
Don't peel the plastic off the surface unless you want to get into an argument.
Apparently Mom overturned this table the other day.
It would be much more convenient to sharpen both sides of this pencil, but apparently people don't often do that.
A bunch of string wrapped around a piece of paper. Whoever wrapped this must be very disciplined.
String is wrapped around and around this thing. That slit the string goes into is a superb idea.
A string wrapped around a cylindrical object. Drop this on the floor, and the string will unravel.
The hole in the middle makes this very handy. To put it bluntly, it's something like a roll of toilet paper.
The best at rolling around. The bouncing ones must be really important.
Our eyes got tired trying to find where the sharp point ends.
It may project, but it doesn't stick out, so you don't have to worry about it.
Really wants to be called Big 'n Wide someday.
A dangerous object that often chases after people in narrow caves.
It may be huge, but We still can't tell where exactly the sharp point ends.
Everyone was trying to drag it down, so it became angry and got even bigger.
Even at this size, it's still a little saddened by how long and thin it is.
A helpful car that goes wherever you tell it to, but you'll need to reward it for its trouble.
A very tall bus that has a famous city in its name. It still works in other cities, though.
This car is very fast, but it has one weakness... you can't bring a friend along.
Little boys yearn for these. If you clean your plate, you might grow up to be the one to drive it someday.
This car apparently can't run unless you frequently change its tires. That must be why you don't see them in town.
This can conquer any road, but it's no more effective than usual on regular streets.
A car you can pack all sorts of stuff in. Children and animals occasionally go inside and have big adventures.
A horse pulls this for you, making things super easy. Hang a carrot in front to speed it up.
You can ride inside the pumpkin. The horses must have eaten all the pumpkin guts earlier.
A car pulled by a person. It's slow-but-maneuverable, making it good for short jaunts.
Dummy (non-collection)
People who don't want their face to be seen wear this. Take it off before going in a store, or people will be angry.
You can open and close the bit in front, ensuring you'll never get bored of it.
You can judge its abilities by whether or not it stops at the designated mark on the platform.
A car meant for police officers to ride in. Its colors are garish, but somehow it's still really good at hiding.
A heroic car that's off in a flash whenever there's a fire. It puts out flames with the water from its hose.
This flies gently through the sky. Poking it with a needle will lead to big trouble.
This car mostly creates video that's used on TV. Apparently it sometimes sends signals to space, too.
A car that can't stop telling people its name. It didn't even bother asking Our name.
A flute used in music. You sometimes see spit come out from the bottom, which is kind of gross.
The larger drum in the set. Move your feet and practice your rhythm.
The smaller drum in the set. It looks terribly lonely when it's all by itself.
The cymbal in the drum set. It would probably go really far if you threw it.
An instrument that makes sounds when you blow into it. You need to shape your lips just right to get a good sound.
Put this in your mouth and breathe in and out to make sounds. It would be easier if all you had to do was exhale.
A Chinese-style instrument. We guess it's used while eating ramen, or when kung-fu fighting.
A very large bell. Japanese people ring this 108 times to bring in the new year, so don't just go ringing it.
Honey in a tube. You can squeeze it right into your mouth. How convenient!
A very hard and sweet food, often used in Japanese denture ads.
A thing you put under your head when sleeping. Some people take these with them when they travel.
This always gets heavier when coming back from a trip.
Very heavy clothing. You probably move a lot more nimbly once you take this off.
We're floored by the bold brushstrokes and delicate use of color.
A clock with a hanging thing that goes back and forth. We start nodding off whenever we check the time. How inconvenient.
A clock you put on your arm. The band gets all sweaty in summer, which isn't a good feeling.

A miraculous machine that turns any food into juice. You can't tell what's inside once it's done, which is awfully exciting.
People jump over these when they're around, even though it would be far easier just to avoid them.
One of a bunch of kites strung together. Hopefully there aren't any trees nearby.
This speedy kite used to be quite popular. You could probably use these to scare off sparrows.
A special machine that can take a dark room and turn it into outer space.
A well-used item that helps humans build their bodies. It's very heavy, so dropping it on your foot would be a tragedy.
A beam made of iron. Someone really strong must use this.
Operate the crane in this machine to grab items. We wish the crane would help Us out a bit more.
Good for smoothing down your head. Fashion leaders wouldn't be caught dead without this.
A computer screen. People stare at these all day in offices. They must be pretty interesting.
People in offices tappity-tap on this. The faster they are, the more bloodshot their eyes become.
Apparently all the really difficult things are being thought out inside of this machine. We wish the poor thoughts would come out once in a while.
Colorful dumplings. They're different colors, but actually taste the same.
A creamy food made from hot cheese and white sauce. You'll burn your tongue if you aren't careful.
A block-like thing with a daruma drawn on it. Never moves, even when the blocks under it are knocked off.
Apparently lives for the thrill of getting sent flying by a hammer.
Tries its very best to stay put.
Its mind and body are a mess from all the punishment it receives.
Not only does this have to support everyone's weight, people are always hitting it with hammers. It must feel very put upon.
A small bottle filled with salty powder used for cooking. Often becomes lumpy and refuses to leave the bottle.
A bottle filled with powder used to play tricks on people. Apparently also used for cooking.
A bottle filled with sweet powder. So popular with bugs, if you leave it around they line up to eat it.
A bottle filled with a salty black liquid. The tip is very narrow because drinking too much is bad for your health.
A clip that keeps freshly-washed clothing from flying away. You could also use this underwater, We suppose.
The "ding" means that whatever's inside is heated up.
A food that shoots out from under the soil. It gets hard and inedible when it becomes an adult.
A princess came out of one of these in a Japanese fairy tale, but you probably won't find another one in here.
Rowing a boat with this is very tiring. Best used as a fan.
It seems you grunt really loudly whenever you swing this.
A ball with hair growing all over it's body. It must be an adult.
A finely-sharpened sword. Its curved blade makes it a little inconvenient for slicing tomatoes.
You can draw whatever you want in here, but some people draw some really explosive stuff, so be careful.
A cute little blooming cactus. It still has spikes, though.
A plant meant for viewing. It's so uptight about its figure that it only drinks a very small amount of water.
Milk in a conveniently sized pack. Goes well with cookies and chocolates.
A very creamy liquid. Running a slice of bread along the bottom of the bowl is the best way to eat it all up.
A machine that puts out a cool wind. We can't help but bring Our face up to it and make funny voices.
A star that fell into the ocean. It was probably too small to become even stardust.
Put this into the box under your TV, and programs that have already ended will start anew. How surprising!
Sitting around this table and drinking tea is apparently the height of fashion.
A handy table. You'll have no problem with the rain here.
A shiny chair made of wood.
A sour fruit comes with this drink, but it's usually taken out of the cup before it is consumed.
A drink made of many fruit juices mixed together. It tastes a little gross at room temperature.
There's an annoying bird always rap-rap-rapping against this, but apparently the two of them are actually friends.
A tool that cuts things with its sharp teeth. Sometimes it gets violent and cuts the desk under the paper.
This pen lets you write things which can't be easily erased. When you want a star's autograph, bring this.
A figure dug out of the earth. Apparently, that surprised look dates from before it was dug up.
People in TV dramas and movies get hit in the head with these a lot. Actors have it tough.
A rare insect that lights up. It must have a really tiny battery inside.
A bouquet of roses. Not used often, but used when it counts.
The ice cream isn't always as big as the picture in the banner, so be careful.
Apparently, they sell souvenirs that prove you've been here. Even if you eat them later.
This vehicle connects cities together. It can only run on certain tracks, so you have to wait at special places to catch one. How annoying.
Look inside and faraway things become larger. Turn it around and they become smaller.
A seat for people who want to win big money and fabulous prizes. You may also need to wear a name tag.
A reckless mode of transportation that takes you up and drops you off all alone at the top of the mountain.
A reckless, but thrilling ride that just hangs off a cable.
A fearsome pig whose breath sends mosquitoes packing.
A bag full of food shaped like little white grains. It's too tough and tasteless to eat like this.
Apparently, this is called the greatest invention of the century.
A weapon that launches iron balls at high speeds. Sometimes these launch human beings instead.
Shake the container, and a message falls out. Some messages make you happy, while others make you sad.
There are lots of switches and things on this, but most of them are completely unrelated to studying.
If someone around you is gassy, it's safe to assume they ate one of these.
Everyone sheds tears when they chop one of these up with a knife. If it's that depressing, why cut it at all?
A gentle bird that doesn't struggle or resist when children straddle it.
This never falls down, but it never attacks, either. It probably won't last long in the boxing world.
If it's got its umbrella, walking stick, and canteen all ready, then why doesn't it set out already?
A tiger made by gluing pieces of paper together. It nods and agrees to just about anything.
These don't have much flavor by themselves. You'll need to put them in some brownish liquid, first.
Be careful when you're under one of these. You might have a load of snow dropped on you.
We thought there was some kind of treasure in here. Boy, were We surprised.
Apparently, We can get this souvenir that We aren't even allowed to open. To be honest, We really don't need this.
A dangerous vehicle with a large cannon attached to it. Driving this to the local supermarket is not recommended.
A toilet for boys. If there's a round thing on the bottom, that's your target.
A tool for hooking fish. Get really good, and you can hook things like shoes and cans as well.
This is always breathing in. We don't know when it's going to breathe out.
A cute little glue stick. The lid often pops off by itself when you aren't paying attention.
You put food and stuff on this dish. It's extremely handy, but too bulky to use much in the home.
Mainly used to pick up food. Otherwise, it's used to make clackity-clack sounds.
This is a well-constructed boat, but upon closer inspection, it's too small to hold any people.
You can use this to go forward, go backward, or even enjoy playing out your life.
A box for teacups and dishes. The door is transparent, so it's easy to search for stuff, even if it's full.
When this starts to flicker, it's telling you that it wants to be replaced.

A chair for relaxing. Fall asleep on one, and often someone else will put a blanket on you.
A tool that remembers old TV pictures with its voluminous memory.
The leaves on this tree are like needles. Perhaps so it can skewer any snow that falls on it.
This stuff makes your hair all foamy, but most people rinse it out immediately. Such a waste.
Some collectors go around in search of these.
This boat lets you run with the river current. It can be friends with even the most violent of rapids.
A bread so tough and crunchy, you could use it as a weapon. It has a slightly salty taste.
An item that protects your hands from the cold, but if snow gets inside, you'll be cold anyway.
Apparently, this has the ability to smell the difference between fresh and spoiled food.
Once you climb up, don't look down!
This lonely guy always goes along with its owner. Getting hit with this hurts.
This is what happens to the cracker after it makes a big noise. Asking for an encore isn't appreciated.
A Japanese toilet. It's shaped like a bedroom slipper, but you can't put it on.
A place used when cooking outside. We would go here for a taste of the wild.
A canteen with a superhero's face drawn on it. We aren't sure if the superhero actually uses this.
A car which is pretty much like a house. Or maybe a house which is pretty much like a car.
A bicycle actually meant for mountain paths. It must be bored riding around on city streets.
A house you have to keep on putting up and taking down. It would be nice to just keep it in one place forever.
A small house you can assemble easily. Just don't expect much on the security front.
People in residential areas generally don't live in these.
The walls of this house are a little thin, but that's the price you pay for being one with nature.
A fairy-tale bed that rocks gently, but really, this hurts your back too much to sleep on for long.
We saw someone start laughing loudly after eating this. It must be really delicious.
You can make curry, curry, and curry here.
This looks like it would have a crisp, refreshing taste, but it's actually incredibly bitter.
A slightly incomplete map that tells you where everything is except your tent.
A bench made of wood that is kind of hard on your butt.
If you don't like thinking too much, just move forward however many spaces this die shows.
Tie this to your head, and you can see the road ahead, even when it's dark. How convenient.
This tool brings you light at the flick of a switch. It's very helpful in a pinch.
A drawing of the forest as seen from the sky. Even if you actually go up there, you won't see any lines or words, though.

A primitive staircase made out of tree trunks. Don't worry, it won't start rolling or anything.
Apparently, the person who made this crane got very sore hands from folding such big paper.
Even after decades, this color scheme never changes.
The more expensive these are, the more susceptible they are to slippery hands or wayward balls. Be careful.
Believe it or not, this painful-looking creature is hiding some yummy stuff inside its body.
Close your eyes and put this to your ear, and you're right by the ocean.
We aren't exactly sure where this came from. Isn't it romantic?
An island floating in the water. If you try to get on, it might flip over.
This supports the floating island.
It's very flat, but that doesn't mean someone stepped on it or anything.
We thought fish took shelter from the rain under these, but apparently We were wrong.
This coral may be round, but it's too precious to roll around.
This used to be all sharp and spiky, but it's rounded off recently.
This is pretty as is, but a lot of polishing would make it sparkle even more beautifully.
An original decorative item made from a rice cake.
We have to admit, eating all this would certainly make you large.
You can find this little guy just about anytime except when you actually need one.
A flat shell that could probably also be used as a plate for food.
A spiraling shell. Mistake it for soft serve ice cream and it'll hurt.
If We went inside this shell, Our body would get all twisted up and We'd look very uncool.
This is really huge. Practically family-sized.
This looks like it would hurt if it stabbed you, but it has no intention of doing that.
A book with fashionable contents.
When playing hide-and-seek, you should tell everyone that you're here, lest you get locked inside.
The teacher's desk. As you'd expect, there aren't any textbooks or notebooks inside.
If you're enjoying class, you can always switch this off.
You'll get in trouble if you use it as a cape.
A bulb that lights up the classroom. When this burns out, the tallest guy in class suddenly becomes a hero.
These mats are laid on the floors of Japanese homes. If you counted all the wrinkles in them, you'd likely get very sleepy.
These gym clothes have been neatly folded. The refreshing scent of sunshine is still on them.
Show this to your parents, and you'll get to eat something good. Too bad these are so hard to get.
This is very embarrassing to show to your parents, but as far as comedy material goes, this is a perfect 100.
We aren't sure if this is a flute or a piano, but either way, it's fun. Press the button and liquid comes out.
You receive this when you do something cool. If the deed was really awesome, it comes in a special case.
This is a little too heavy to drink from.
This bag is huge, yet there's nothing but black paint inside.
The bag may be red, but you can still only draw black characters.
You can get answers by clacking the beads with your fingers. Some experts can even work these in their minds.
People occasionally draw works of art on the back of these.
The teacher probably wouldn't remember anybody's names unless he looked at this in the morning.
No matter which file you open, you won't find any secret letters.
A chair used while working. This can tire your body out, so you don't want to sit on it for too long.
Students look forward to getting these every day. You can't leave any food behind, even if you don't like it.
These panels separate the toilets. Without these, the doors wouldn't have much meaning.
The door to the toilet. Broken doors that open while you're inside tend to cause panic.
Apparently, everyone is trying their best to reach these goals. We think they can do it if they work together.
Apparently, simply finding a goal can be a goal in itself.
A book full of Japanese kanji. How anyone can remember and read them all is a mystery.
Most people look at these and wonder why they had such poor fashion sense "back then."
This is another of the languages that exists on Earth. It seems to be fairly popular.
A writing tool. You can only write really thick characters with this, so it's a bit inconvenient.
Children hit each other with this ball during recess. It's soft and squishy so that people don't fight.
Throw your garbage into this box, but separate your recyclables first.
If you hide in here, be careful not to mess up your timing and come out after class has started.
A notebook for studying. The information on the outside cover is very helpful.
A bundle of papers not meant for any particular purpose.


A red and white reversible hat. This is great for making teams, but things get tougher when there are three teams.
You can be a hero for three minutes with this hat. When one person wears this, everyone else does too, and the neighborhood gets chock-full of heroes.
A very daintily-built bed. People not feeling well use it.
Simply carrying this mature item around will make you feel more serious.
This is carried by students who suddenly realize they don't want to be just like everyone else.
A very flat tiger. We don't know if it lost a bet or something, but it sure isn't doing that for fun.
Apparently drawing doodles on the photographs for comedic effect is very popular these days.
This menu is written on a blackboard. It won't show up on the test, so don't worry.
Everyone rubs their dirty hands all over this, so We bet it must be filthy by now.
You pump this up and down in the toilet to clean out the plumbing. It's not exactly pretty.
Water comes out when you twist it. Pinching it has no effect.
The roof's steep to keep the snow off, not so you can have fun sliding around up there.
A block made of snow. It's fairly sturdy, but it's still fundamentally snow, so it will melt.
A looong piece of paper rolled up into a cylinder. It's easy to use, but We bet it's tough to make.
This makes a loud whining noise that makes everyone run away.
If you had one of these, you could hold a class anywhere, anytime.
A collection of books and papers. This appears to be well-organized, but the contents are all mixed up.
This tape could bind some pretty big things together.
A long wall near the ceiling. Changing what's posted up here is a pain, so you see the same notices all semester.
Apparently you're not allowed to draw on these.
Apparently, this class is in the running for the Sports Championship.
The teacher's room. When this sign is up, you have to knock and be polite and follow a lot of other annoying rules.
A chair for when the principal is talking with a visitor. In other words, it's not used too often.
A very high-class table used for extremely normal things.
Even if something delicious was on this dish, you wouldn't want to eat it.
A picture of an old principal. He isn't the ancestor of the current one or anything.
A picture of a principal from several generations ago. Apparently he liked to keep his conversations relatively short.
A safe filled with the school's most valuable items. The secrets of the ancients are probably stored inside.
When the teacher violently throws this open, that's the sign you're about to be yelled at.
This window separates the classroom from the hallway. The classrooms have little privacy.
A window too inconveniently placed to open and close much.
A wall with all sorts of things stuck on it. Big news often shows up here, so keep an eye on it.
People don't put anything funny up here too often.

The classroom TV sits on this shelf. This tends to be overlooked during cleaning.
You put assorted decorations on this tree at Christmas.
A vehicle that glides on top of the snow. This can't run once the snow melts.
A vehicle pulled by a pack of dogs. Useful when taking your dog for a walk.
A house made of ice. You'd think it's cold inside, but oddly enough, it's warmer than it is outside.
People with beards so shaggy that you can't tell where the mouth is often come out of here.
A place that rents out skis. They must really love skiing if they have enough to lend to people.
Ride in this, and reaching the mountain top is a breeze. Mountain climbers should use it too.
A house that's only in its element when the snowy season comes.
This melts away over time, which doesn't make for a very good pet.
You'll be embarrassed without these, but too many will make you feel uneasy.
Apparently these help people calm down.
Considering how narrow it is, this does a great deal of work.
Even if you hear laughter come from inside, that doesn't mean they're eating their house.
If you really want to show off, you could plant red flowers where the eyes would be.
This may be made of branches and leaves, but those antlers still look painful. We would be careful.
If you hear this quacking, that's probably just the insects inside buzzing.
Someday, this bush wants to stick its head and legs into its shell like a real turtle.
It may have grown old, but it's still beautiful.
It may be yellow, but it still has thorns.
If We're getting all touchy-feely, We suppose We can touch this, too.
This looks like a horse, but it doesn't seem quite as noble. People are split on its lovability.
This dog waited so long for its master to come home that it turned into a statue. It's a very sad story.
A super hard cat. Maybe it saw something really scary.
A very hard rooster. It's much sturdier than the one spinning around on the roof.
The largest flower in the world. It's hard to imagine giving something this big as a present.
A shiny gold axe. Not very practical for chopping wood.
A dazzling silver axe. We would sell it and buy a chainsaw.
This signals that the race has started. You don't have to worry about this during the race itself.
Crash into this barrier, and you'll end up okay. The barrier itself may be annoyed though.




The race drivers are too busy concentrating on the race to notice this. We don't expect it's very effective.
An ad for a store that sells a lot more than departments nowadays. They really ought to update the name.
Apparently, it's best not to drink too much of this. Then again, it's best not to drink too much of anything.
A very pop-art style plant, but the more pop-art it is, the more likely it's poisonous.
That color is charming, but the taste leaves much to be desired.
A place where they watch over the race and keep it safe.
A vehicle that uses a propeller to fly. Sometimes it just sits on the ground and spins, too.
A cloud shaped like a heart. It must have feelings for another cloud.
A cloud that looks like ice cream. Don't worry, it won't ever melt.
A cloud shaped like an adorable kitten. It may also look like other things, depending on how you look at it.
A melon-shaped cloud. If you broke it open, there would probably be a very sticky rainstorm.
A cloud shaped like a strawberry shortcake. There's more than enough to go around, so don't worry.
A cylindrical candy with a face on it. Slice it all you want, and the same face will always pop up.
A tool used to hold cloth in place while sewing.
Red and blue in a single pencil! It's not purple in the middle or anything.
A tool used to clip together two pieces of paper.
A tin filled with cookies. Sometimes when you open it, all that's left are the paper dividers.
Medicine you put directly into your eyes. When you apply it, you make a face that looks like you want some in your mouth, too.
A piece of paper you stick on letters in place of cash when you send them. You can't use it as cash in stores, though.
A table whose legs can be folded up. Don't forget to take the legs out again when you use it.
An even more effective trap than a banana peel.
A tool used to keep laundry from flying off the line.
Eggs in-between two pieces of bread, just like the name.
A sugary cookie. Eat too many before dinner and your mom will yell at you.
Apparently these have dried fruit in them. We wish there were something juicier inside.
Those colors may be flashy, but it tastes just like any other candy.
If you get greedy and stuff a lot of these in your mouth, you won't be able to breathe. So be careful.
A super sweet candy that's a major pain if it gets stuck behind your teeth.
A somewhat darker-colored caramel. There's apparently coffee inside, but it tastes as sweet as ever.
A crispy, light snack. Can be used as a toothbrush if you put some chocolate on it.
A cookie stuck into some cream. It tastes better if you let the cream work its way inside a bit.
This certainly stands out, but it has surprisingly few fans.
They probably picked this cherry too early.
A spiraling candy that's a lot harder to eat than you'd think.
Stars like these are extremely uncommon.
Apparently you don't have to cut this into nice little pieces before eating it.
If you eat this right after exercising, your mouth will get all mumbly.
This has a very haughty-sounding name, but it's actually a mass-market food.
An environmentally-friendly candy. You can even eat the part you hold.
Even though it's bitter, that doesn't mean it's defective.
A rubbery food that's hard to describe. Merely touching it makes you a little happier.
They must be trying to lure people in with the sweetness and the hypnotic spiral.
We thought this was just for decoration, but We were astonished by its sweet, creamy taste.
A triangular cookie with cream on top. It's crispy and easy to eat.
This one's medium-sized. It has a medium amount of calories, too.
If you eat a lot of this, you may not need to eat any other sweets for a while.
You can guess a tree's age by counting the rings, but apparently that's not how it works here.
A strawberry-flavored flower. The bees must love how sweet this is.
Cutting the bottom part of the tree makes for a great table.
A cookie shaped like a chicken. It doesn't appear to lay eggs.
A cookie shaped like a pig. It looks plump and delicious.
A cookie shaped like a donkey. It's got longer ears than a horse, making it better value.
A cookie shaped like a sheep. It's hard to tell for sure, though, since there's no wool or anything.
Well, for accuracy's sake, We think this should be called "Pie with Chocolate Inside."
We think it's more fun to just keep on sucking this, resisting the urge to bite down.
Grown-ups say they're sick of being asked why there's a hole in the middle.
We wish they were a little more generous with the jam in the middle.
If you eat this while brushing your teeth, you might be able to avoid cavities.
Even the leaves taste like grapes.
Don't worry. There are no seeds in here.
There's some kind of pattern here, but it doesn't have any particular meaning.
You can eat this pastry all the way to the dish-like part. What great value.
This item comes in handy when eating cake. It's a little easier to hold than normal.
The strawberry icing melts when you hold it, so be careful where you pick it up.
The type of cookie that's usually way in the far corner of the tin.
Tiling your bathroom with these will probably not last very long.
If you just lick the cream out of this, you'll feel sorry afterward.
Tightly grasp this ephemeral sweet and it will crumble in your fingers.
Don't worry, children! It doesn't taste like vegetables.
This is a preposterous color for food.
This tranquil place has the air of local color about it.
All the houses look the same, so you'd get lost without this.
Just because it's red doesn't mean that it leaves trails of fire in its wake.
This isn't necessarily an earth-friendly tire.
If you forget your watch, you can take the train here to check the time.
An item placed so you can cross places you normally can't cross. How they connected it in the first place is an eternal mystery.
This family is running out of storage space after buying too many things out of catalogs.
Yesterday, they had a fight over which channel to watch. It seems like Father lost.
Apparently, this family eats takeout once a week.
Apparently, this family took out a 35-year mortgage to buy a newly-built house.
The toilet has started to clog up a lot lately.
Apparently, the older brother is about to return from overseas.
This place deliberately points their kitchen exhaust toward the street in order to attract customers. That's good business!
If this lamp is around, chances are there's a yakitori restaurant nearby.
If you get lost or lose something, the person inside here will help you.
This is just an ordinary coffee shop, but older men apparently have trouble entering this place.
A cozy place full of TVs and refrigerators. It seems like a great place to live, but you'd get kicked out if you tried it.
Apparently, they sell various machines in this place.
The purple part tastes like grapes. This is actually pretty good.

They don't seem to sell plain old ice here.
This store is full of fish. Cats stare at it from their nearby hiding place, waiting for their chance.
The sign advertises the store's freshly-caught and delicious merchandise.
This is the only place you're allowed to get on and off trains.
We think this is the name of the person that lives here. It must be a pain not having anywhere to put your letters.
You can't get near the train without passing through here.
The principal's morning announcement the other day set a new length record.
The frogs who live in here like it well enough.
This is the home of someone who can make your dreams come true. He's never at home, though, and he doesn't come out even if you ring the bell.
Only the chosen ones can walk through the center of this gate. It seems that most people are chosen.
He keeps a careful eye on his surroundings, but is apparently no match for an attack from the rear.
Civilization has advanced to the point where people deliver pizza on bicycles, holding them in one hand.
The higher you toss the pizza, the more delicious the crust. Just watch out for the ceiling.
A place where everyone can get together and eat.
A sign for a place packed with middle-aged women by day and young people by night.
They should really put this net up higher if they want to ward off enemy attacks.
This box is packed to the gills with people who think they can sing.
Late-night concerts are held here daily.
A house packed with people in the summer.
The owners can't decide if they should turn this place into a soup restaurant in winter.
This schoolhouse is too new to have any urban legends yet.
A sacred place where you recite your carefully-penned lines while watching the setting sun.
Cars fly out of here at the first word of fire. They probably won't come to put out your candles, though.
This fence protects things day and night. It wishes someone would protect it for a change.
A house with a bell. It's residents must be very patient to stand the noise.
People come here to break a sweat. Or maybe they've come back from breaking a sweat.
There aren't any seats by the door, so young people often sit on the ground eating and drinking instead.
The sign for a very convenient store. It says it's 24, so it's still young.
If you put this and that together, you get a really fun ride.
You can't have any fun with only this.
Apparently, this is the recommended dish.
A place for people with the fun job of watching stars all year round.
Perhaps you need to be an artist to truly appreciate this.
You can watch a really big TV here. Don't worry, your dad won't change the channel on you.
It looks like the mole men's preparations are complete, but We space people don't share their intentions.
A building with a large TV on it. If there were a sofa in front of it, it would be perfect.
The sort of place from which you'd expect bad guys to take off while hanging from helicopters.
When the moving staircase stops moving, it's like a regular staircase, except not.
Apparently there's a restaurant with all-you-can-eat cake on the top floor.
Shout your pent up rage from the rooftop.
We hear there's a lot of restructuring going on. They must be adding some new floors.
The new president is from another country, so everyone has started learning a new language.
There's an urban legend that this building grows a little bit each year.
This building doesn't feel ready to reveal itself, so it's still hidden. It really needs to be more self-confident.
This probably wasn't discovered by humans.
We noticed this from afar, but now that We're closer, We realize that you can't drink it. We wish people would stop playing tricks on Us.
People come here when they're anxious about what might happen in the future.
There's information on three stores here. The one on top must be the best.
There's no crosswalk, so crossing this road is a serious test of courage.
If you need to go to the bathroom, you'd better say so now.
You need to pay money here to run on the special, high-speed road.
These signs advertise all sorts of neat places. It's enough to make you feel lost.
A light built to guide people on dark roads. It's pretty big, so We doubt anyone will get lost now.
Liars get their hands bit by this. It hasn't found any liars yet.
The name sounds weak, but it's a tough one that can handle wind and rain.
This place likes to talk about how beautiful it once was. Don't worry, We completely understand how it feels.
A Greek family memento. Look closely, and you can see where people may have measured their heights.
A long time ago, some guy thought these looked like giants, but they're just plain old windmills.
This place is known for its glass slippers. They make your feet sweaty, though, so We don't recommend them.
A proud gate that's so big, they eventually stopped bothering to close it.
A civic symbol that still hasn't collapsed, despite being so skinny you can see its bones.
A large man named Ben does not actually live here.
Piling large stones up high used to be a really popular game, but nobody plays it anymore.
If you live on this bridge, it's unclear exactly which bank you belong to.
A place where they let animals run free. It got to be too much trouble, though, so they don't do it anymore.
Nobody knows when it will fall. People must come here to taste the excitement.
He's really not sure if he should drink the wine made when his mother was born.
The man who lives here is a Japanophile who eats sushi once a week. Apparently his younger son wants to be a ninja.
A man who prefers toast for breakfast lives here.
Young folks from the city are freeloading in this house's attic.

It may not look like much, but he's very proud of the fact that there are two tatami rooms.
If the entrance door closes by itself, then the nightmare has just begun.
Lately, David on the 1st floor and Steven on the 3rd floor have been oddly friendly with each other.
This place is home to a lot of people known as Parisians.
Not too many people are here in the morning hours.
The company here is floundering, but the building doesn't look like it's shaking.
Everyone here wishes there was a nearby convenience store.
The lady at the front desk is everybody's favorite.
If these people weren't in such a hurry, maybe there would be more friendship around here.
Home to a great deal of wine. It's pretty cold, so it doesn't seem like people can live here.
They say if you throw something in here, it'll turn into silver or gold.
This tree is home to lots of birds, so it's careful not to sway too much.
A tree with spiky leaves, but it doesn't mean to hurt anyone.
This tree wishes it was even spikier. It claims to be eternally fifteen.
A bridge made from thousands of bricks. Gondolas like going under it.
It's always awkward when your eyes meet with someone's the next platform over.
A happy space where they make lots of sweet candy. If only We could live here.
They apparently make wine here, by stepping on grapes with their bare feet. Sounds gross to Us.
Cars used to be made by talented artisans, but now it's all done by machine. You can feel the march of time in this building.
Spews out smoke 24 hours a day. Someone really should tell it that smoking is bad for it.
A heated battle is about to begin. We're getting very excited.
Smoke is coming out of this, but that doesn't mean it's on fire.
A place where they suck out precious resources from the land. It would be bad if this ever ran dry.
Someday, this may take off into space. It hasn't done so yet because of all the people nearby.
There isn't one pillar for every birthday or anything like that.
A splendid old building. People had best treat this nicely.
Don't worry. Unlike the skeleton model at your school, this statue doesn't start laughing at night.
These people don't know each other. They just happened to be going in the same direction.
This group of people is tired of working all the time. Apparently, they stop suddenly to ponder things.
A cloud that floats around the tallest mountain in Japan. It gives the mountain its unique feel.
A place where elected ladies and gentlemen gather to talk over matters. We wonder what they're discussing.
Put money in this box and drinks come out. Its firm character lets it spot fakes in an instant.
It won't give you a mixed drink if you push two buttons at once.
Even if a calf wants some milk, it still has to pay for it here.
We thought there was a pot of gold at the end of this, but it actually led us to Earth.
We've never seen a car or bicycle cross this bridge. Trains are a different story.
A giant bridge that connects the city to the Ferris wheel. Cars and trains are not allowed.
Trains are happy that this is around. Now they can stop going underwater.
Any kids standing by the guardrail are tough. So don't bother them.
Both the person who eats all this and the person who washes the plate have it tough.



A wonderful building with a unique color scheme. It's almost too big to live in comfortably.
If you think someone is watching you, you should check here first.
The man who lives at the very top says he regrets having been so greedy.
A hermit once lived on top of this mountain.
It may be small, but people still treat it well, thanks to its 4,000 years of history.
A big stone and a small stone, connected by a rope. They look kind of like lovers.
It looks like they made this too long. We thought you should strive for moderation in all things.
The only problem with this is that you have to take the looong way around to visit the next town over.
They say if you walk the entire length, your wish will come true. Actually, they don't.
There isn't any doorbell, so you'll have to shout for someone to come out and greet you.
If someone built a wall this long on Us, We wouldn't be able to attack them, either.

A heroic character who watches over the city, never moving.
An old five-story building. Once upon a time, there was only one floor.
A building where people wearing special badges discuss things with each other. They are not all actually dieting though.
Even if you go all the way to the top, you won't see anything but buildings. Too bad.
Shout "Come out!" here, and samurai will swarm out of the woodwork like flies.
We looked for some ninjas in this town, but We couldn't find any. They're good.
This is always looking toward the distant sky. Something sad must have happened to it.
Apparently this guy recently changed his hairstyle. They say he's sad he can't face the girl he loves.
His head is so big, there isn't a hat in the world that fits him.
A tree you see a lot in ancient pictures. It may not be long before it's all the rage again.
The lady who cleans this place is apparently a very smart and considerate woman. Everyone likes her.
Everyone is abuzz about how the boss arrived via helicopter a little while back.
Apparently, the spindly pole at the top can be replaced.
Apparently, she's been feeling good lately. Maybe she's started exercising for her health.
Apparently, he's considering moving. We think it would be very difficult to move the whole thing as is.
They had the outside windows cleaned the other day. Some people felt awkward when their eyes met.

You could stand in the middle and use this as a pair of skis.
You could be forgiven for thinking this is a zero.
Apparently this stands for "large."
A proudly athletic letter that stands with careful balance.
An amazing letter that's actually two letters in one.
Lately, this letter has gotten self-conscious about his paunch.
This is supposed to symbolize freedom, yet it's been standing in the same place for ages.
A battle arena where middle-aged women have at each other several times a year.
Joy, greed, exhaustion... Experience it all in this place!
Apparently the father of this country. He must be elated that his children are trying so hard these days.
He's been looking diagonally and to the back for at least the past 30 years.
He'd like to be a little closer to the front, but he doesn't want to ruffle any feathers.
A long time ago, he made something of someone, by someone, and for someone. Now he's a noble stone.
This guy is famous for saving up a million yen in 1-yen coins.
The only time there isn't much traffic here is when the bad guys are getting away.
A place that controls various things. We don't have enough space here to write about everything they control.
A place where everyone gets the jitters before the plane takes off.
Apparently, this vehicle can fly through the sky. None of them have ever accidentally gone into space.
A vehicle that can fly pretty fast. They give you food inside, but you don't get much of a choice.
If they had two more trucks, they might be able to transform into a giant robot.
This wild guy just wants to give a hug to his special someone.
You should probably keep your distance.
Earlier, the elder daughter made cookies for the first time. They were apparently a big hit.
Apparently, Mom can't stop buying stuff from catalogs.
Apparently, the family got in a fight earlier because they didn't have enough stuff for their house party.
Dad spends a lot of time in the bathroom, so they're building a second one.
The second son is begging to keep fish in the garden pool. Dad is drawing the line at turtles.
A quick-draw artist came here once, but forgot to bring his gun. It was quite the scene.
When you order a drink at the corner bar, the bartender slides it all the way down to your stool.
A town famous for lassoing things from horseback. They don't lasso things when nobody's watching, however.
The dog in Michael's house barks whenever he sees a horse, which is causing everyone a lot of grief.
Apparently, this is not just any old white house.
This spouts water forever, yet it never overflows. What a magical pond!
This looks simple, but making it took a lot of hard math.
A tool that makes it easier to open your eyes underwater. There's even a straw for when you get thirsty.
A tube filled with oxygen. You'll get chewed out if you use it all up making fart sounds.



A red insect with black polka dots on it. It seems cute, but if you take an impartial look at it, it's actually pretty gross.
A mythical snake who often gets spotted by farmers. He's rather fat and likes to take walks in the back hills.
Dummy (non-collection)
This bird's Latin name is Nipponia Nippon. It must really love Japan.
A goldfish with really good eyesight. It must be tough for him on windy days.
He's got a really bad itch on his back, but he's hoping it will go away.
Heading out to search for his sleeping princess is part of his daily routine.
Why is he dangling? He doesn't know, and he doesn't plan to get down until he does.
A nice guy who still wants to grow a bit taller.
When she dangles, she deliberately puts on a top that exposes her navel.
A friendly big-brother type who never says he's tired, even when he is.
Apparently, wearing nothing but worn-out shirts around the house is this guy's policy.
A teenage princess in love. Even when she's this relaxed, all she can think about is her boyfriend.
He's trying to stay as still as possible so the insects around him don't notice him.
A young romantic who's sitting here, waiting for the flowers to bloom.
These guys are at one with nature.
It is not true that they all know Kung-Fu.
He gives his seat up to others, he opens the door for ladies, and he washes his hands after using the bathroom.
Her job is harder than it looks. Everything she does looks fashionable, so she has to be careful outside.
A master at making snakes dance with his flute.
A hardy person who lives in a very cold place. He says it's cold, so it's probably cold.
A brave warrior who fights against scary bulls. His part-time job is directing traffic.
This guy has a habit of grabbing onto vines whenever they're around. He likes to shout, "Aaaaaiyaiyaaaa."
This suspicious fellow has some sort of ancient secret, but he won't tell you what it is.
He sometimes waves the baton around in a random mess and finds it amusing that no one notices.
A noble hero who protects the town from fire. At home, he's a loving father.
A man who's loved by his crew. Apparently, even he gets seasick at times.
He swore he'd follow his captain, wherever he might go. This apparently includes the bathroom.
He forgot how to stop, but nobody can tell him how, as he can't stop to listen.
A fashion-conscious old man who secretly puts on different clothes every year.
A human being who gracefully bounces around in zero gravity. Trying hard not to throw up in his helmet.
When this woman spills something on you, it's the start of true love.
A female police officer who lets no misdeed go unnoticed. She even separates her garbage correctly.
Apparently, he used to be an ordinary explorer.
He's working out to someday be able to toss his child into the air.
She wants enough children to make a family baseball team.
A happy, bald-headed monk who's better at telling bad jokes than reading Buddhist scripture.
A fearless man who waves at anyone he makes eye contact with. Apparently, he wants your vote now.
He wants to put this glorious feeling into song, but he doesn't know where to start with the lyrics.
He can't remember if he shut the gas off at home, so he'd like to get back on terra firma soon.
An adventurous man who's considering going straight home like this.
This fighter's road has just begun. His hands are probably pretty salty.
Sumo wrestlers usually get fashion-conscious around this age. This one's mawashi is a top designer brand.
Losing is unforgivable to this man, the strongest fighter. He never shows pain on his face.
He's holding the board with his lines on it, so he'd appreciate it if you didn't peek at the back.
A hot-blooded teacher who's all about discipline and hard work. Apparently he can't eat carrots.
This teacher is so good, nobody ever forgets their homework in her class.
This one's used to being called by his nickname. He used to be a delinquent.
A teacher who always thinks of his students. Right now, he's pondering what to talk about in the next class.
He's researching new ways to motivate people with his speeches. They might start getting even longer.
He's trying to work out a way to fart without making any sound.
He got forced into this position by a vote, but he doesn't seem to mind too much in the end.
She's apparently interested in the boy in the next seat over.
A member of a pretty precocious group. She's sick of how childish all her male classmates are.
He's wondering how old the piece of chewing gum he found under his desk is.
The sort of person who thinks buying candy by the box is normal.
She's a little proud that her posture receives so much praise.
When she draws people, she has a habit of putting stars in their eyes.
This guy did his homework, he just forgot to bring it in, apparently.
A gentle person who gets involved in the affairs of the animals. The affairs of the zookeeper, too.
He'd like to live in the cage with the animals, but that's not going to happen.
An amazing man whose love of animals drove him to build a zoo.
A man who waves his flag with a strong fervor. He's hoping the local TV station will do a piece on him soon.
Apparently, he got his healthy body from drinking green vegetable juice.
This guy used to work as a shoemaker. Even now, he still makes his own.
He's proud of the fact that his relatives in Japan once vanquished demons.
He puts chili pepper on everything he eats. The hottest mouth on the force.
Yesterday, his horoscope said that his lucky color was black.
He's been protecting the princess for three years now.
He's new, so he's still busy learning everything. He carries a memo pad with him everywhere he goes.
Only children can see these. If you can see it, that means you still have the heart of a child.
A beginner who can't hide their confusion over why they can't move their feet.
This intermediate boarder is excited by his speed. It's much faster than he expected.
An advanced boarder who can handle any bumpy terrain. He can even make really high jumps.
He once went three times around the chair lift without getting off.
He's shocked that the skiwear he bought a year ago is getting too tight for him.
This guy isn't too good at teaching people. Apparently, you go down the hill like this, and then you stop like that.
If you litter, he comes chasing after you. He's quite fast, too.
He just realized that he's at the campground. It's making him a bit homesick.
He is going back home to pick up something important he forgot.
An adorable animal with long ears. Its droppings look like raisins.
A large turtle that can grow to over a meter long. Unfortunately, its legs are still slow.
He beat the rabbit in a race. There's some real potential here.
A cute little animal who lives in holes he digs in the ground.
An animal with a small body and a big tail. He's quick and agile, so you shouldn't play tag with him.
An animal good at running around with people on its back. Rich company presidents buy them.
This is no different from other horses, but the color makes him seem a cut above the rest.
Call it by its name, and you can't help but feel a little remorseful.
Turn the key, and this guy can move really quickly.
We would love to try and see if it likes playing with a cat wand.
He has a very gentle face, as opposed to the rest of his body. We think he'd probably ram you if he got mad.
A mischievous animal who likes hiding in the water. Too bad We can still see his eyes, ears, and nose.
A popular creature with charming eyelashes. Not even Earthlings know what's inside the hump.
Considering those sharp claws, it's hard to imagine that this creature eats nothing but ants.
A cute, popular creature. They like rice crackers, just like old men.
His body is brown, but his legs are all stripey. He may be a cross between several different animals.
We thought it was joking when it started beating its chest, but then it attacked Us, too!
They aren't chittering because their swollen red butts hurt.
An animal so lazy that it takes a month for food to go in one end and out the other.
An animal with really cute black spots around his eyes. He's popular everywhere he goes.
A funky type of panda that's highly sought after for parties.
He eats for four hours, then sleeps for twenty. He must get really bad headaches from sleeping that much.
An animal who puts its young in the pouch on its stomach. We're worried the kid will get motion sickness from all that hopping around.
His run-up is amazing, but We've never seen him actually take to the skies.
We know he came out of a pot, but he's poisonous and you shouldn't approach him.
That frilly part is an all-season model.
Dummy (non-collection)
A very lovely bird. But its incessant chirping is pretty disenchanting.
Dummy (non-collection)
Some are made of paper. Others are made of steel. This one's made of feathers.
Dummy (non-collection)
The secret behind this bird's loveliness is the way it's slightly garish.
A ferocious fish that chomps at its prey with its sharp teeth. Its skin is all rough and leathery.
A very smart creature that swims in the ocean and sometimes lets cheerful young boys ride on its back.
It's swimming so hard that it hasn't noticed what happened to its body yet.
A long, slippery animal that requires great skill to catch with bare hands.
Its body is all curled up because it still isn't very confident swimming underwater.
People who say "I'll feed you to my fishies!" must own this fish.
This fish is said to know a lot about earthquakes. Probably because the whiskers make it look smart.
During Japanese festivals, this fish is often scooped out of tanks with flimsy nets.
A fish with an incredibly small mouth. It must be hard to eat if your lips are pursed so tightly.
A small fish found in streams and ponds. Don't worry, it doesn't actually kill people.
This guy may look strong with his sharp claws, but he's really a coward who quickly turns tail and flees.
Eventually this will grow limbs and become a frog. We'd like to see the moment when they pop out.
A baby frog who's grown some legs. It would be weird if it walked on earth like this, but thankfully it doesn't.
A bird with a lovely little tail. No wonder potties are shaped like this.
If it ever leaves the water by accident people will turn it into rings.
This guy has an incredible number of hands. The inside of the shell must be full of feet.
A fish that's survived for eons and eons. Spelling bee participants are afraid of it.
A cute saurus with surprisingly short arms. Its personality is vicious, so be careful.
A saurus whose body is protected by its sharp spikes. Very cool, if hard to ride.
A saurus with a looong neck and body. Apparently, you can actually get this big eating nothing but leaves.
A don who glides in the upper atmosphere. We don't know if it's related to the saurii.
Which came first, the bear or the cow? Not even the cowbear knows.
A man-made mechanical man. This is the latest model. He can greet people!
A mythical creature found in ponds and rivers. When the dish on his head dries up, he dies. That's why he doesn't dry his hair after shampooing.
Lately, he's been troubled that his buddies never find him in hide-and-seek.
Apparently, he isn't standing on the water because he wants to draw attention. But he's awfully conspicuous.
He claims to have a thousand awesome techniques. Really, though, he only has 998.
A late-blooming genius who began acrobatics at the age of 20.
The blood rushes to her head when she does a headstand, just like anyone else.
She started thinking the earth would be in danger if she stopped, so now she can't stop at all.
A beautiful woman who dances resplendently. Apparently, her feet are a size seven-and-a-half.
Back in high school, he used to be great at the triple jump.
He's never had an itch he couldn't scratch even once in his life.
Get him going at a party, and he'll always impress the crowd by drawing a face on his forehead.
This wandering man travels the world after getting caught up in someone's house move.
He takes meticulous care of his body hair.
There's a rumor going around that he can't put his face in the water.
He plants a tree for every one he chops down, so everyone praises him a lot.
A great existence. Apparently he has the answers to all the questions.
He spends every day sending up kites, believing that someday, he'll be able to fly hanging off of one.
He's apparently in a good mood because he caught a rare bug.
She's excited because the stuff she ordered from the catalog finally arrived.
He's eternally proud that a distant relative of his climbed up some buildings.
She's jittery because she's hoping the boy she loves notices that she gave him a little extra food.
The other guy skips out a lot, so this guy's on the job again today.
It seems he is more of a night person. He trudges forward like he's about to fall apart. How worrying.
She carries an umbrella and has her picture taken a lot, but her real job is helping her mom around the house.
These two can communicate telepathically.
The passenger seat in his car at home is kept open for his girlfriend.
An adventurous vehicle. The rails tend to run out on it mid-route.
A fine lad who always brushes his teeth after eating candy.
A girl who loves making sweets. She's the youngest patissiere around.
To protect himself from enemies, he evolved to become the same color as the snow.
An energetic child who can't wait to go out when it snows. Apparently she has never caught a cold.
He's currently regretting his attempt at physical humor.
His next goal is to fix his fear of heights.
He seems to have found a way to always stop when he wants to.
Ever since she saw a prince on a white horse, she's been practicing pretending to sleep every day.
Don't worry, he can get out by himself.
A great man who's built his body and spirit by punching and being punched by others. The belt around his waist is proof of his victory.
He's been troubled that no matter how many times he tells people his carpet isn't for sale, nobody listens.
Apparently her hobby is scaring people. Earlier, she had a bad experience getting chased around by a dog.
Apparently, he isn't practicing poking people with his ducktail.
He's building up his legs and hips with so-called bunny hops. His sandals are made out of aluminum.
A strong man who builds buildings. There's a house in the mountains he built by himself.
He hasn't quite gotten the hang of focusing yet.
They must be arguing right now.
His glasses are about to fly off.
Apparently, acting like this is something that transcends borders. Their minds are in slow motion now.
Right now, his main concern is that people not pull his nose.
He looks like he could really use some water right about now.
Apparently he's started to get concerned by his clothing size.
He's a cumulonimbus cloud, but he'd prefer to be called a nimbostratus.
He's left the front lines and is enjoying his retirement.
Apparently she's pretty good at the yo-yo.
She was born in an area famous for its hot springs, so her skin must be naturally smooth and soft.
His captivating high-pitched voice echoes across the city.
A dandy whose sunglasses go great with his look.
He's such a big shot that he has pigeons run his errands.
A big-name singer whose emotional voice makes you think he stayed out too late last night.
A woman with soul who always picks red over white when she has the choice.
We'd usually leave off the Mr., but since We're younger than him, We thought We'd try addressing him properly.
She's so talented at drawing that she could write graffiti on a clean wall and no one would get angry.
Apparently his dream is to become one with the river current.
He always has a spare pair of underpants in his backpack, just in case he goes up on the winner's podium.
Don't tell anyone, but once he was late because he got lost.
He once got in an argument with his boss because he wanted to ride a train.
The way he wiggles his butt is several dozen times cuter than the way his parents do.
A beautiful and popular fish. A lot of people seem to become relaxed just by looking at one.
This guy's good at swimming. He doesn't even need to come up for air.
This color is rather rare.
He's doing a bit more than borrowing the shell on his back. He's taken it for his own, really.
A really big elephant that lived long ago. When people catch it, they eat the meat right off the bone.
When it comes to pulling sleds, no dog is better. You could say he's a genuine snow dog.
A strong-looking dog whose black hair shines in the light. His owner is either a police officer or a very rich man.
He must have filled his daily quota.
A clumsy old woman who performs mischief in an attempt to get noticed.
He once gave a speech in place of the principal. Apparently, people liked it a lot.
Everyone crouches like this behind the school building, so his legs probably don't hurt.
The father of the Hoshino family, he takes his time off seriously. He also still gets sick in space.
A soft, quivery, bouncy treat. Everyone loves it.
He may be vicious, but the mark on his chest and the way he's susceptible to cold make him sort of cute.
The black stripes won't fall off if you scare him.
He may be king, but he doesn't work very hard. We wish he would learn a thing or two from his wife.
His clothes are fancy, so he must be a big star in the animal kingdom.
He was promised a kiss from his girlfriend if he can learn how to turn without falling over.
They call him the Red Comet. He zooms down the slopes ten times faster than other people.
He's the best at kicking up lots of snow when he stops.
A creature you rarely see with your own eyes. He's created all sorts of legends in all sorts of places.
This bird is resurrected whenever it dies. Their numbers must do nothing but increase.
Nobody seems to have told them that their feet are showing.
He's a really fast runner, and hates it when people ride him.
This is training for the heart. They're learning to think about each other's feelings so that they feel more comfortable.
She'll put a flower necklace around your neck and give you a kiss on the cheek. An idol to fathers everywhere.
A faithful dog-like creature who's been waiting for its master to return for ages.
A man who's good at cooking. His head isn't actually that long.
His parents wanted a strong, sturdy son, even if he was a little naughty. They got their wish.
People say he's a different person whenever he's holding a racket. He never notices himself.
An energetic 16-year-old. He recently got his driver's license.
Her hobby is going to rock concerts.
He's actually sucking his gut in right now.
She took out her contacts, so she can't see a thing right now. Her butterfly stroke is absolutely beautiful.
He hates washing his eyes after leaving the pool, so he's decided to keep on swimming forever.
She managed to swim to the neighboring island recently. Next, she intends to try it without coming up for air.
A god whose main assignment is the rain. He's not the type to go to new places.
The chief of the Wind Blowing Section, Wind Office, Weather Department. He has a tendency to sometimes overdo it.
You need these to fly through the skies freely and without sadness.
He tells himself that a bird that can't fly isn't a bird, so maybe he isn't a bird himself.
He wishes he could turn into a star this way.
His hobby is tackling snow-covered mountain paths.
The Hoshino's cat. He got a cramp in his leg the other day trying to lick the back of his thigh.
He can fly faster than the wind, but that's dangerous when someone's riding him, so he holds back.
His walking route is always the same. So is the time he leaves and gets back.
This hasn't been used too much lately, except for dusting.
Dummy (non-collection)
A young boy with a big appetite who only wants some ice cream. This is his second time skating.
A bright-eyed old man who loves passing younger people. He's proud of his healthy teeth.
After everyone near her goes away, she's thinking about trying a triple loop.
The distant ancestor of Earthlings. His favorite food was mammoth, but only because pizza hadn't been invented yet.
A boy dissatisfied with grown-up rules. His dream is to become a politician.
Recently, this pair finally started breathing in unison.
This is the most comfortable way for him to sit.
This guy is really good at not getting hit in dodgeball.
She got in an argument with her brother over whether it's called "hugging your knees" or sitting "fetal position."
People are a little scared of her because her expression changes completely whenever she's "it" during tag.
A large elephant born in India. He wishes he had bigger ears, like his African cousins.
Whether changing light bulbs or wiping high windows, he's always getting ordered about.
He feels like he could see so much better when he put on the glasses.
The boss of the school. He loves playing soccer, and he's a great singer, too.
An odd person who takes delicate care of his pinky nails and right nostril hairs.
His mother put away all the winter clothes, so he had to wear short sleeves today.
A popular girl who's good at piano and ballet. The smell of her hair is the best smell in school, apparently.
He's already prepared for today, so he's considering taking a nap.
She doesn't take any notes. She only ever writes letters.
He just remembered how he blew milk out his nose the other day. He's trying not to laugh now.
He's considering complaining at morning assembly about how the guy in front of him has been nervously tapping his foot lately.
She's loved animals for a long time and seems to enjoy her work. She looks after the poisonous frogs.
He's resting because he stayed up too late last night playing videogames.
A somewhat palish prince. This must be the ancestor everyone's talking about. He's dead, but he's still flying merrily about.
A king who flies via a secret technique that no one can imitate. He'd go faster if he used his feet.
Bathe yourself in this wonderful beam of light and you'll feel happy. It's dangerous to spend too long in it, though.
This timid fish is shocked by the smallest thing. It's probably best not to show him a mirror.
He looks like he's having fun, so you probably shouldn't point out the hole in the basket.
When this man disappears, Jumboman always shows up. He says it's just a coincidence.
A woman who loves her grandkids, but not enough to eat them up. No one can beat her speedy sewing technique.
An amazing man in stylish tights who's unbeatable at skating.
A frog who carries deadly poison inside its body. Very lonely, because normal frogs are a little scared of him.
Dummy
Apparently he's the best at reverse-parking.
He just got his license, so he's super excited. He'll probably be feeling blue once the race results come in.
Dummy (non-collection)
Dummy (non-collection)
Dummy (non-collection)
His hobby is reading science fiction books, and he's good at action games. In other words, he's pretty normal.
She's great at pretending to be a mom. You can almost see the steam rising from her sandbox meals.
It seems this wasn't dug by a very shy person.
A quivering, delicious dessert. Gourmands love its size.
Everyone loves it. We believe it needs no introduction.
He rams anything and everything. Best to stay out of his way.









A girl from a faraway nation. Her dream is to see one of the King's Royal Rainbows.
A man whose life has grown stagnant. He wants to see a katamari before going off to dreamland.
A gentleman whose grandson is begging him for a katamari. He's somewhat interested in them himself.
She's so bored lately that she doesn't know what to do. She's wandering around in search of excitement.
A small bird who wants to make its part of the katamari as big as possible. The elephant is just along for the ride.
He may be a dog, but he loves playing with katamaris. His dog-like naiveté often finds him asking very pure, simple-minded questions.
Soccer Kid is good at physical activity, but is very forgetful.
She's always searching for new ways to express herself. That's what finally led her to katamaris.
She came to visit the King on behalf of her students, who are all huge fans. She doesn't know much about katamaris.
A racer who loves katamaris so much that he tries to roll up the other cars during races.
She's more excited about tomorrow's field trip than katamaris.
The friendless creator of Katamari Damacy. He apparently wants to make friends with the King.
Apparently he's the one who scattered the paper cranes.
A mysterious girl looking for a Saturn that will perfectly fit the ring she made.
The boss of the farm, he has had many cows and bears escape from him. He's always been this hairy.
The leader of a new generation and a novel thinker. His parents used katamaris as part of his pre-natal training.
A parent who wishes their son would clean his room the same way as that game he's always playing.
A nice person who's trying to save the red pandas from extinction.
A brother-sister pair who can't resist sweet things. You could say they're a bit cloistered.
A boy who came up with the idea of rolling underwater. He can't swim, though.
A French boy who became interested in Japanese culture through katamaris.
A sumo wrestler so small he has yet to beat anyone. Apparently he slims down quickly after fattening up for matches.
A girl who claims that the idea for katamaris was stolen from snowmen. She's probably right.
A serious young man who still studies all day, even as an adult. His electricity has been cut off because he doesn't work.
A mysterious rose. Only people with a pure heart can hear what it's saying.
These two are rivals. They're going around telling folks to play with two people, not just one.
The head of the Hoshino family, he went to the moon with the King. He's known for his wimpy voice.
The elder son of the Hoshino family, he went to the moon with the King. His speaking voice is about the only normal thing about him.
If you look up on Earth, you see the blue sky. No wonder it looks blue when you see it from space.
The daughter of the Hoshino family, she went to the moon with the King. It seems she has some kind of ESP.
A cute little square that has done away with its corners.
Its mystical shape is said to hold mysterious powers.
These are mainly active on rock 'n' rollers' leather jackets.
Apparently, this wants to be placed in an area where no one will step on it.
This will make a huge noise if you break it, so you need to handle it carefully.
Boys and girls give this to each other when they pledge their love.
A very important thing. It lights up all the heavenly bodies around it and gives them energy. Really, really hot.
A brand-new planet, built just the other day. It recently started revolving on its own.
A recently-refurbished Uranus. Nobody knows what the rainbow-like ring is made of.
Following Uranus' success, this remodeled, too. The rainbow rings here are apparently really rainbows.
A brand-spanking new Neptune.
It wants to keep rotating around Neptune for the rest of its life.
A pop-art Pluto that's shed its god of the underworld image. However, it's changed so much that nobody realized who it was.
It wanted to shed its "accessory to Pluto" image, but it seems to have failed.
A new Jupiter that's cast off the boring days of yesteryear. Even the sun must be inspired by its huge size.
It's apparently a little snobbish because it's bigger than some planets.
It's right in the middle of a really, really big explosion. Apparently, the ancestors of the universe live here.
Even now, it seems like it's giving birth to something.
A galaxy made out of all the flowers of the universe. It's so beautiful, We don't know what to say.
If you see a blooming flower you've never seen before, you can bet the seed flew in from here.
A planet that got created while We were running around the school. It's filled with a bittersweet smell.
It really wants to graduate into a real planet soon.
A car planet that drives all through space. It's proud that it once briefly overtook Mercury.
This is always puffing out white smoke in its efforts to keep up with the planet.
A galaxy made out of the rain clouds that children hate. But the rainbow ring makes it a little popular.

Green, the color of nature. A mystical planet home to many animals.
Brown, the color of earth. It doesn't have any vegetation yet, but life is slowly starting to be born.
Everyone put their heart into making each and every paper crane. That's how this planet got so big.
Taking a lap around the rings on a bike has gotten quite popular.
This has grown to the point where it can almost be considered a planet of its own.
A new Saturn with two concentric rings. The inner ring sometimes rotates the opposite direction just to annoy the outer ring.
A galaxy where cows and bears live in harmony. The first cowbear baby was born just the other day.
A planet that always pushes the limit. There's only just enough air on it to breathe.
They collected so much random stuff that was floating all over the place that it ended up as a planet.
A sparkling-new Venus. Someday, it hopes to light up dark roads as brightly as the moon.
A planet created by taking a bunch of candy, cramming it all together, and wrapping it up tightly.
It's sweet, sure, but it wants something more.
A fresh and youthful new Mercury. It's 99 percent ocean, and the rest is a very thin skin.
It's made of fresh water. There aren't too many things living on it yet.
This is only lukewarm.
All they did here was apply heat to what was an ordinary moon.
They lit a new fire under Mars. It's so mesmerizing that you can stare at it for hours without getting bored.
So they finally got the topknot to stay in place. It's mostly made of amateurs.
A young prospect who's gunning for the Yokozuna title.
An overwhelming powerhouse with no enemies in its path. Sparks fly whenever something hits it.
You get all sorts of ideas when you roll up snowballs here. Even We did some rolling.
A powered-up Sirius. Its gentle light is still the best in space.
A planet made by rolling up different parts of Earth. Unlike Earth, everyone gets along here. Maybe because they were all rolled up together.
The planet where all of the Prince's first and second cousins live.

The thorns made it somewhat difficult to collect all these roses, but We are satisfied with the beautiful galaxy they became.
This can't do much for you if your wish is too vague.
It doesn't even know where it's headed.
This might be breaking the speed limit, but space is big enough that no one should get angry.
Sometimes a lot of these get together and go cruising around space.
Sometimes this goes around and around on the same path for ages.
It doesn't actually want to be shooting across space, but it can't do anything about it.
It's angry because people always confuse it with meteors.
We'd like to ask where it came from, but it's going too fast to hear Us.
People always wish upon this, but it can't hear everyone talking to it at once, so it just ignores everyone.
Apparently, the big ones with pretty tails are katamaris made of ice.
A very relaxing planet. You can view collections here, and listen to music, too.
We aren't really sure if this is a planet or a mushroom.
L'Amour prefers living on the romantic heart-shaped planet while life on the planet's ring provides Ace with the thrilling lifestyle he so desires.
Grassy plains and flowers dominate the planet and the houses Ichigo and Can-Can live in. They're made of real fruit and nuts, too.
Miso and Johnson live on this delicious bowl-shaped planet. When Miso isn't around, We hear Johnson sneaks sips of the miso soup.
Due to the complicated structure of this brightly-colored planet, both Honey and Huey often get lost when going out for walks.
Foomin and Opeo have a hard walk home, but We hear the views are incredible.
Odeon and Daisy live on this bold, bovine-patterned planet. It is the only planet We know that has black-and-white grass.
June and Shikao find life on their planet difficult due to the mesmerizing patterns and the maze-like structure of the roads.
Odeko and Havana live on separate planes of this expansive planet. We think there is something secret about the intersection.
Albeit relaxing, Lalala and Njamo sometimes get lonely since it's just the two of them.
We don't see where they're making all the cheese.
Slip and Nik live on this planet. It looks tasty, but it's inedible.
This is where Lucha and Macho spend their time working out. On special occasions We have seen them lifting their planet.
This simple, futuristic planet is home to Velvet and Peso. Their houses extend out during the day and recede into the planet at night.
Despite being built using space-age technology, Signolo and Nickel don't really have any special features built into their home planet.
Because of its gaudiness, Dipp and Marcy can't calm down at home. We can see this planet from 100 light-years away.
Shy and Jungle live on this remote planet at the edge of the galaxy. Living on the inside of the planet gains that little extra privacy that Shy needs.
Formed from a cone and a sphere, Fujio and Marny call this planet home. The severity of the cone is juxtaposed with the kindness of the sphere.
Miki and Twinkle have to be careful walking around their spiky planet, or they will hurt themselves.
Beyond and Nutsuo live on this elongated planet. Over time this planet will grow longer and longer.
Kuro lives on this solemn planet with a large tree.
This fungal planet is so funky and strange that nobody ever comes to visit Kinoko.
Drooby lives in this magnificent castle of a planet. If Drooby senses danger, the castle will transform into a robot.
Collect a lot of this, and you can make a beautiful river of stars.
These are beautiful by themselves, but a lot of them together is even more beautiful.
Just staring at these is enough to soothe Our heart.
A space vacuum cleaner that sucks up everything. If you lose something in space, it often ends up in here.
A loophole in space. They say this is the exit from a black hole.
She's thrilled that her makeup is different this year.
He overslept last year and got yelled at by his wife.
This apparently can be used as a dipper, but We doubt it can hold much water with all those holes in it.
Exactly once a week, this mother of two talks about how popular she was in her younger days.
He really seems to enjoy the belt around his waist.
It's impossible to tell where this vehicle is going. We are worried about the people inside.
A star base built by Earthlings. But it's shaped nothing like a star.
You can't block this with an umbrella, so be careful.
If this ever hit a planet, it'd be a huge disaster.
A meteor that's just itching to fall down. You can only pray it doesn't hit you.
It's a very big ball, any way you look at it.
This was apparently cut out of the Really Big Square.
A piece of health equipment perfect for hitting the pressure points on your back and shoulders.
Even if an elephant stood on this ball, it wouldn't break.
This looks like a bittersweet tropical fruit, but it seems you can't eat it.
Dummy (non-collection)
Dummy

















It's so huge, there's no way you could eat it in one bite.
A huge and sweet tropical fruit. You probably couldn't eat it by yourself.
A large pumpkin that couldn't transform into a carriage.
It took a lot of bread crumbs to cover this huge thing.
Without some side dishes, there's no point in having this much rice.
This must have been a lot of work to make. Now We know why We had to wait so long.
If you eat this huge sundae by yourself, you'll feel hollow inside.
This must be the XXXXL size. We can't help feeling a little sorry for the delivery boy. Better tip him well.
A scarily huge rice ball. Yokozuna-class sumo wrestlers will eat this right up.
A huge pancake filled with sweet filling. Why it's shaped like a fish is a mystery.
A popular dish in Japan. This is a little too big, however.
If you can eat this in 20 minutes or less, it's free.
Apparently, this isn't just a pudgy radish.
If you lick the chocolate off before eating the cookie, you can enjoy it twice as much.
Stars are actually rounder than this, but it tastes good, so whatever.
They say eating nothing but this causes cavities, but there doesn't seem to be any proof.
The perfect mix of crispness and savory sweetness.
A very earth-friendly sweet. You can even eat the dish!
They must have baked this while still mixing the batter. It's tasty, though, so no big deal.
A sugary food with an open hole in the middle.
This doesn't look or feel anything like a strawberry, but eat it, and you can taste the strawberry flavor.
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
This is bigger than the Prince, but it's still mini size.
No one has ever limboed under this one.
If you see this at the side of the road, watch your step or you'll be in danger.
Dogs and cats can crawl under this height.
You see a lot of these in construction zones, but they aren't this colorful.
If it tells you to keep out, you can't defy it.
Everyone's surprised because it's just so big.
Can the Prince even see this sign? It probably doesn't matter.
This cone is obviously made in America.
It might be difficult to roll-up a katamari this large, but there's still room for improvement.
Apparently this isn't a wizard's hat.
If the Prince ever grew this large, he'd be a splendid young man.
You can't eat this, so it isn't useful for holding ice cream.
At this height, you could roll this up in a flash.
You could probably build a small building in here.
Apparently there's a yellowish animal with a long neck that's about this height.
Most people cherish this pond when found in the desert. Apparently there are some in your heart, too.
The grave of a some very important past person. You'll be cursed if you mess around with the stuff inside.
There's a box shaped like a person inside. It's the final resting place of a really important person.
This graffiti is so huge, everyone's too stunned to get angry at it.
A large picture. Everyone in the world is wondering who drew it.
Whoever drew this isn't that talented, but he certainly has a lot of confidence to make something so audacious.
Apparently, there are a lot of space artists making these.
There's always some radio or TV station trying to find out the artist's identity.
Apparently there's a famous story about someone who got caught making these as a prank.
Everyone adores this vehicle. This type is particularly popular with women.
The ruins of this old building are in a very high place. Going there is hard. So is coming back.
Apparently, they forgot to put elevators in some of these buildings.
Apparently this used to be a lake. There were even koi swimming in it.
They call this the town that never sleeps, but We see a lot of people sleeping here at night.


They call it "woods" once there are enough trees. We don't know where the dividing line between woods and a forest is, though.
All sorts of bugs are crowded together and living in here.
It's very well made, but We don't know who the artist is, so We can't praise him.
You can't see this unless you're very high up. That makes it hard for people to view it.
It's apparently some kind of message, but nobody can understand it. Hence all the mystery.
A long time ago, there used to be a large city here. They probably all moved somewhere more convenient to live.
They say this flower has a pearl-like beauty. It certainly is pretty.
A flower with the soul of a weed. It can grow pretty much anywhere.
A flower you often see in school gardens. It's very easy-to-grow.
Just plain white would be too drab, so this fashion-conscious flower put a bit of purple in its center.
It looks like it forgot the purple on one of its petals.
If you take a close look, you'll notice that the petals on this flower have a very weird shape.
This is often mistaken for a famous vegetable, but it's apparently a genuine flower.
If you still think this is a vegetable, that's proof you haven't been studying enough.
An ally to children during hide-and-seek. You'll never get found in here, which makes things tough for whoever's "it."
We thought this was a dog toilet, but apparently it's an honest-to-goodness plant.
A fearsome plant that gulps down any insect that stops on it. It likes more than just flies, too.
A plant with a sac that dissolves insects. It's strange that the sac doesn't dissolve itself.
This seems a little too big to use when decorating with flowers.
Pick this flower and suck on it for an oddly sweet taste. It's the taste of your childhood memories.
A flower that has what it takes to thrive in cold places.
A flower with a very distinctive petal shape. Some might find this a little scary.
Gardens of these have become tourist attractions pretty much everywhere.
A strange flower that contains another flower inside of itself.
If you get enough of these small flowers together, they apparently equal a single "real" flower.
Snails are attracted to these flowers, but We don't know if the flowers feel the same way.
Girls in tropical lands put these in their hair to look beautiful.
There are some places where people give you necklaces of these just for visiting.
This looks adorable, but eating it is poisonous, so nearby animals keep their guard up.
A flower that resembles a bell. As you'd imagine, it doesn't go ding-a-ling.
If you use these to color clothing, you'll get a beautiful shade of red.
A very useful plant. Not only can the mere sight of it enchant people, it can also be transformed into medicine.
Red may be more popular, but this flower is staying the course and blooming in its own pretty way.
It seems there's someone shy inside.
Apparently a virtuous person was born of this.
We certainly are surprised.
It wants to conquer its spiky image, so it busted out the nicest flower it could.
Looks like there's room for @1. You have collected @0.
Looks like there's room for @1. You have collected @0.
Looks like there's room for @1. You have collected @0.
Looks like there's room for @1. You have collected @0.

An important tree that brings color to any town.
They boldly dyed this tree, and it turned out like this.
A fashionable tree that took in the year's trendy colors.
Even the color of its petals is very cute.
Apparently, it feels it's competing with garishly-dressed middle-aged women.
It didn't like being bothered by people picnicking under it, so it's shedding all its petals.
A spiteful tree that drops caterpillars on the head of anyone who comes to view it.
A gate made out of leaves. The simple act of going under it is exciting.
An adorable group of blossoming field chrysanthemums gathered together.
People say these are cute enough to eat, but apparently some people really do eat these.
A flower so famous, it's a classic sign of autumn in the far east.
It may be pretty, but it's way too big to decorate your room.
We hear it took six years to grow this big.
You don't have to water it daily, but that's how often dogs wee on it.
Apparently, the neighborhood association's event was very well received.
Apparently, it's okay to set out your garbage on Mondays and Thursdays.
There's a rumor that a famous person is living somewhere in this city.
The traffic during rush hour is terrible, so some people find it very hard to live here.
Apparently, the supermarket and the strip mall are waging all-out war.
The pipes in the vacant lot have become a secret hideout for children.
Once you enter this town, you'll be bombarded by radio waves.
A world of adventure, where snakes bigger than any you've ever seen drop down from the trees.
The cold must have made all the leaves shrink and huddle up together.
Perhaps they think that no trees go better with snow than they do.
There's no fire, but lots of people still come to gawk.
For some reason, looking at this calms Our heart.
Even one of these trees is appreciated, but all of these in one place is just earth-shattering.
A base that examines the universe. It would be better if this were closer to space.
Apparently, the last space flight ran into trouble when someone spilled his drink.
This isn't a keyhole, so nothing opens up if you stick something in it.
The flame on top is made of gold. Watch out, if you put it on a cake,
you can never blow it out.
It's not spitting out stuff because it saw something funny.
Dummy
The temple has so many windows, despite the cold. It must be very
warm inside.
A TV station used this place for one of their "life on a deserted island" reality programs.
Apparently there's a cave here with lots of bats inside. We want to stay as far away as possible.
A dog once showed Us where to dig on this island, but there wasn't anything there.
There are no plans for a convenience store to be built here.
15 boys were once stranded on this island.
This island apparently moves five centimeters a year.
It's starting to wonder whether it should be charging the horse for food.
Whenever grass grows on this island, it's pulled right out. It's quite a sad spot.
Mr. Tanaka lives here, but the island isn't named after him.
People come to this island in order to dive into the water. The island feels lonely.
Apparently, the mushrooms that grow on this island's tall precipices are a local specialty.
Flip a rock over, and tons of insects may come crawling out. That's why people here leave the stones alone.
Samurai used to come here for training.
Ah, the famous Pinky Island. We don't know exactly why it's famous.
Good waves come here, though no one asked for them.
They held a duel here the other day. Apparently it ended in a draw.
This site is famous as the place where James was caught speeding.
There's a rumor that the sand in sandboxes is brought in from here.
The giant antlions here can catch a lot more than ants. This place is dangerous.
They say there are ruins hidden here, but this place is so big that nobody feels like looking for them.
You can make a sand castle here, but it'll be hard to find it again afterwards. That's a big drawback.
Write a love letter in the sand, and it disappears immediately. It's best to confess your love directly.
A blossoming island that's thinking about growing larger and becoming a continent someday.
Dandelion seeds all head towards this island.
Wooden swords are famous souvenirs here.
This island is full of edible insects. That's not much to Our liking, though.
This island grows lots of stinky fruit in the autumn, so that's why it was given this name.
The ground is all prickly here, so tripping can be very bad news.
Apparently this place sinks into the sea at night.
There was a lot of buzz about a yeti found here, but it turned out to be a creature called "CG."
The mountains that kids make out of sand all have this as their goal.
Apparently, the old man living alone on this island is a former schoolteacher.
A prime area for harvesting snail shells. They recycle the shells here, too.
They say a certain family was stranded on this mysterious island.
A rich resort area. Everyone here speaks with an upper-class accent.
People call this the final paradise. Well, after the first four they mention.
Apparently, this place turns toward the sun to grow larger, like a sunflower.
A continually explored island. Explorers come here every year.
They say that the treasure of a great pirate is buried here.
Every day, a jovial man in a straw hat takes care of this place.
Apparently, the snakes here have started to shed their skin.
Many monkeys live on this island. Mikey the gibbon is the boss.
An island that could be the far tip of a legendary continent.
There was some smoke coming from the beach here earlier, so We put it out for them.
Don't tell anyone, but there's a pitfall trap somewhere on this island.
They're conducting a search for the world's strongest wrestler.
We're hoping that We can dig up some seeds here.
Apparently, a cow-milking master lives here.
One guy escaped the daily rat race and started living off the land here.
The Earthlings have coated the entire place. We wish they had made it a bit more pleasing to the eye.
They call this a concrete jungle. There aren't any strange creatures living inside.
The people working here like to take a nap in the afternoon. What a wonderful place to live.
This island really wants a more macho-sounding name, like "Thor Island."
We think this is the Earth's bellybutton, so don't mess around with it too much.
A traveler on the ocean. It melts if it goes too far, so it always goes to the same places.
There are lots of tips on this iceberg, yet they call the whole thing "the tip of the iceberg."
A mysterious creature recently washed up on the shore.
An old lady who bakes excellent cookies lives here.
Apparently sheep and horses aren't allowed here.
This is supposed to be uninhabited, but apparently you can hear someone laughing at night.
Recently, a mysterious expedition came here to scout for TV.
This can suck in just about anything.
The city of the future that people long for. It's designed so you don't need to walk anywhere.
There are flying cars here zooming all over the place.
Its citizens like to carry glow sticks around and dance like fools everywhere they go.
This high-rise looks like it could lift off at any moment. There's a café on the top floor.
A futuristic road that blocks UV rays for you. Cars with roofs on them are yesterday's news.
An annoying place that has nothing but secrets, inside and out. They won't even tell you where the bathroom is.
This spins with such blazing speed, sometimes not even it knows which way it's facing.
Apparently, items sucked into this end up falling far, far away.
A community of gathered trees.
A mountain with such a short fuse that it's spouting off nearly all the time.
A robot that comes running when someone's in trouble. It's too small to get much camera time.

You can get flyers, tissues, and all sorts of free stuff in front of the station. What a bargain!
They sell the town's melted snow water in stores here.
The beach is in a furor because a bear showed up.
It's impossible not to get lost in the forest at the foot of the mountain.
A region in which people relax elegantly with tea after eating. Jolly good.
The mountain tops are white, but that's not because they're packed with sheep.
Sit down here and relax, and watch the many strange earthlings pass by.
Apparently, things settled down to this shape after being eroded away by an ice katamari.
Lots of different people live here. Fabulous!
Curry is on the menu morning, noon and night. Kids must love this place.



A region where basically everyone likes rice.
A region with more people than anywhere else in the world.
A boulder known as the Earth's navel. All the people walking on it must be really ticklish.
The area after the giant boulder was removed. Fewer insects came crawling out than We thought.
It seems you don't have the freedom to do absolutely anything you want here.
A region where a surprisingly large number of people from all over the world live. We haven't yet found the big apple that this city was named after.
The guys with their faces carved out of rock apparently went out for a walk.
Cowboy hats and jeans are standard apparel here.
We have yet to see a monk training beneath this waterfall.
A work of art crafted by the power of the wind, rain, and other natural elements.
A charming mountain range that's overflowing with nature. We feel it could hold its own in a boxing match.
Long ago, people came to this area in search of gold. Many gold-diggers continue to come here.
We think We could just barely manage takeoffs and landings here.
It's number one in Japan. Worldwide, We are not sure.



Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
It looks like a boot for a baby before it's born.
This house is just big enough for an elf to live in.
There's nothing he can do about his beard getting sweaty.


It seems to be annoyed by its tiny size.
It'll hurt if you step on this, so don't kick it around.
If you trip on this, you won't fall over, but you might hurt your little toe.
This could be used in place of a cotton swab or ear cleaner.






Put in coins and spin the lever, and a capsule comes out.





































An island with grassy fields as far as the eye can see. They'll never get all of it mowed at once.
An island filled with gardens. There must be lots of vegetables in the ground.
A giant island. Elephants could stomp on it all they want, and it wouldn't move a bit.
An island with lots of snow on the ground. It's cold, so everyone plays indoors.
An island with a high population density. Nobody really knows each other, so it's a pretty lonely place.
Many kinds of animals live here, so it better not melt anytime soon.
A popular spot for sea turtles to lay their eggs.




























































































A cousin who gets in the way when you stand next to him. His sole redeeming feature is that he's never fallen into a manhole.
A cousin who messes up just about everything she does. Oddly, she never screws up when nobody is looking at her.
We don't know who this is, but he's good at scuba diving. He pretends to be a shell at the bottom of the sea on a daily basis.
A cousin with two heads. Her left and right brains are completely separate, but she isn't particularly smart.
A cousin with a strawberry figure. She's in the habit of eating only the strawberries in her strawberry shortcake.
A cousin who sparkles a lot and gets carried away with things. We wish he knew the difference between sticking out and just being a nuisance.
A cousin with a smell We find very relaxing. She isn't very good at strenuous exercise.
A second cousin who damages things just by walking around, including himself, but he's still a nice guy.
A second cousin who can move through the air on windy days. His presence is slight.
A cousin who We think has gotten older. The volcano on his head doesn't erupt often, but it is still active.
A cousin who's happy even in the rain. She likes going out on rainy days, or maybe it just rains whenever she goes out.
This second cousin has strength and flexibility. She can tell how well-done a roast is with her fingertip.
He's apparently good at making stars, but We can't tell for sure because he's so small.
A slightly sunburnt cousin who enjoys going out stark naked.
A cousin who eats too much. Although he wasn't even dieting, he says he gained it all back.
A cousin who switched butts to a spikier model. It hasn't been generating much buzz.
A cousin who looks a lot like the Prince from certain angles. Apparently, he was once so surprised that his face jumped out of his body.
It's been a while since this cousin stood on her own two feet. She's gotten taller since last time, so she doesn't need to float anymore.
A cousin who We think has gotten older. The volcano on his head doesn't erupt often, but it is still active.
A cousin who gets in the way when you stand next to him. His sole redeeming feature is that he's never fallen into a manhole.
A cousin who dreams of the stars. He's given up dancing and taken up golf instead.
A cousin who does nothing but watch TV. He turns his face away while watching scary shows. That's how his head ended up like this.
A vain cousin. He's proud of his height, but he doesn't realize that his vantage point is still the same.
A cousin who messes up just about everything she does. Oddly, she never screws up when nobody is looking at her.
We don't know who this is, but he's good at scuba diving. He pretends to be a shell at the bottom of the sea on a daily basis.
A lone-wolf cousin who likes to be alone. No matter how much time passes, he never goes back home.
A cousin with two heads. Her left and right brains are completely separate, but she isn't particularly smart.
A cousin who's happy even in the rain. She likes going out on rainy days, or maybe it just rains whenever she goes out.
A cousin with a strawberry figure. She's in the habit of eating only the strawberries in her strawberry shortcake.
A precocious cousin who recently discovered the world of fashion. She hasn't found anyone she likes yet, though.
A shaggy cousin. He's at a loss on what hairstyle to choose, but it's not just a hairstyle problem anymore.
A cousin who sparkles a lot and gets carried away with things. We wish he knew the difference between sticking out and just being a nuisance.
A cousin who's always in bad physical condition. He's good at catching inscrutable diseases.
A cousin who moves smartly now with wheels attached. Now that he's using two batteries at once, his power went up 20%.
A cousin good at blending in with surroundings. He's worried about how people always leave him behind during trips.
A cousin with a smell We find very relaxing. She isn't very good at strenuous exercise.
A second cousin who damages things just by walking around, including himself. But he's still a nice guy.
A timid second cousin who's always worried about other people. Praise him, and his face just lights up. How pure.
This second cousin's hands could never, ever reach his face. We wonder how he eats his food.
A healthy second cousin who only eats fruit and vegetables. The pants he's wearing are custom-made.
A slightly annoying second cousin who kicks up lots of dust whenever she moves. So she doesn't move much, out of courtesy.
The upside-down triangle look of this second cousin has been with him since birth. He looks strong, but he's a pacifist who hates fighting.
This second cousin is like Cupid. The hearts on her body change whenever she gets a couple together.
A second cousin whose pink feet shoot out milk, making it hard for her to run. A mammal who's loose with her time.
This second cousin is a masked pro-wrestler. He is very protective of his private life.
This second cousin wants to be in the top three in whatever she does, but she usually ends up around sixth place.
We are not sure where the neck is on this second cousin. He always needs help when putting on a scarf.
A stubborn second cousin. When he disagrees with something, he rotates his head so fiercely that it catches fire.
A gold-medalist second cousin who can swim the 100-meter freestyle without lifting her face to breathe.
A second cousin who can move through the air on windy days. His presence is slight.
This second cousin has strength and flexibility. She can tell how well-done a roast is with her fingertip.
Not even this second cousin knows which is his real face. Good at switching from one to the other to keep people guessing.
He's apparently good at making stars, but We can't tell for sure because he's so small.
A slightly sunburnt cousin who enjoys going out stark naked.
A cousin who eats too much. Although he wasn't even dieting, he says he gained it all back.
A cousin who switched butts to a spikier model. It hasn't been generating much buzz.
A cousin who looks a lot like the Prince from certain angles. Apparently, he was once so surprised that his face jumped out of his body.
It's been a while since this cousin stood on her own two feet. She's gotten taller since last time, so she doesn't need to float anymore.
A cousin who We think has gotten older. The volcano on his head doesn't erupt often, but it is still active.
A cousin who gets in the way when you stand next to him. His sole redeeming feature is that he's never fallen into a manhole.
A cousin who dreams of the stars. He's given up dancing and taken up golf instead.
A cousin who does nothing but watch TV. He turns his face away while watching scary shows. That's how his head ended up like this.
A vain cousin. He's proud of his height, but he doesn't realize that his vantage point is still the same.
A cousin who messes up just about everything she does. Oddly, she never screws up when nobody is looking at her.
We don't know who this is, but he's good at scuba diving. He pretends to be a shell at the bottom of the sea on a daily basis.
A lone-wolf cousin who likes to be alone. No matter how much time passes, he never goes back home.
A cousin with two heads. Her left and right brains are completely separate, but she isn't particularly smart.
A cousin who's happy even in the rain. She likes going out on rainy days, or maybe it just rains whenever she goes out.
A cousin with a strawberry figure. She's in the habit of eating only the strawberries in her strawberry shortcake.
A precocious cousin who recently discovered the world of fashion. She hasn't found anyone she likes yet, though.
A shaggy cousin. He's at a loss on what hairstyle to choose, but it's not just a hairstyle problem anymore.
A cousin who sparkles a lot and gets carried away with things. We wish he knew the difference between sticking out and just being a nuisance.
A cousin who's always in bad physical condition. He's good at catching inscrutable diseases.
A cousin who moves smartly now with wheels attached. Now that he's using two batteries at once, his power went up 20%.
A cousin good at blending in with surroundings. He's worried about how people always leave him behind during trips.
A cousin with a smell We find very relaxing. She isn't very good at strenuous exercise.
A second cousin who damages things just by walking around, including himself. But he's still a nice guy.
A timid second cousin who's always worried about other people. Praise him, and his face just lights up. How pure.
This second cousin's hands could never, ever reach his face. We wonder how he eats his food.
A healthy second cousin who only eats fruit and vegetables. The pants he's wearing are custom-made.
A slightly annoying second cousin who kicks up lots of dust whenever she moves. So she doesn't move much, out of courtesy.
The upside-down triangle look of this second cousin has been with him since birth. He looks strong, but he's a pacifist who hates fighting.
This second cousin is like Cupid. The hearts on her body change whenever she gets a couple together.
A second cousin whose pink feet shoot out milk, making it hard for her to run. A mammal who's loose with her time.
This second cousin is a masked pro-wrestler. He is very protective of his private life.
This second cousin wants to be in the top three in whatever she does, but she usually ends up around sixth place.
We are not sure where the neck is on this second cousin. He always needs help when putting on a scarf.
A stubborn second cousin. When he disagrees with something, he rotates his head so fiercely that it catches fire.
A gold-medalist second cousin who can swim the 100-meter freestyle without lifting her face to breathe.
A second cousin who can move through the air on windy days. His presence is slight.
This second cousin has strength and flexibility. She can tell how well-done a roast is with her fingertip.
Not even this second cousin knows which is his real face. Good at switching from one to the other to keep people guessing.
He's apparently good at making stars, but We can't tell for sure because he's so small.
A slightly sunburnt cousin who enjoys going out stark naked.
A cousin who eats too much. Although he wasn't even dieting, he says he gained it all back.
A cousin who switched butts to a spikier model. It hasn't been generating much buzz.
A cousin who looks a lot like the Prince from certain angles. Apparently, he was once so surprised that his face jumped out of his body.
It's been a while since this cousin stood on her own two feet. She's gotten taller since last time, so she doesn't need to float anymore.
A cousin who We think has gotten older. The volcano on his head doesn't erupt often, but it is still active.
A cousin who gets in the way when you stand next to him. His sole redeeming feature is that he's never fallen into a manhole.
A cousin who dreams of the stars. He's given up dancing and taken up golf instead.
A cousin who does nothing but watch TV. He turns his face away while watching scary shows. That's how his head ended up like this.
A vain cousin. He's proud of his height, but he doesn't realize that his vantage point is still the same.
A cousin who messes up just about everything she does. Oddly, she never screws up when nobody is looking at her.
We don't know who this is, but he's good at scuba diving. He pretends to be a shell at the bottom of the sea on a daily basis.
A lone-wolf cousin who likes to be alone. No matter how much time passes, he never goes back home.
A cousin with two heads. Her left and right brains are completely separate, but she isn't particularly smart.
A cousin who's happy even in the rain. She likes going out on rainy days, or maybe it just rains whenever she goes out.
A cousin with a strawberry figure. She's in the habit of eating only the strawberries in her strawberry shortcake.
A precocious cousin who recently discovered the world of fashion. She hasn't found anyone she likes yet, though.
A shaggy cousin. He's at a loss on what hairstyle to choose, but it's not just a hairstyle problem anymore.
A cousin who sparkles a lot and gets carried away with things. We wish he knew the difference between sticking out and just being a nuisance.
A cousin who's always in bad physical condition. He's good at catching inscrutable diseases.
A cousin who moves smartly now with wheels attached. Now that he's using two batteries at once, his power went up 20%.
A cousin good at blending in with surroundings. He's worried about how people always leave him behind during trips.
A cousin with a smell We find very relaxing. She isn't very good at strenuous exercise.
A second cousin who damages things just by walking around, including himself. But he's still a nice guy.
A timid second cousin who's always worried about other people. Praise him, and his face just lights up. How pure.
This second cousin's hands could never, ever reach his face. We wonder how he eats his food.
A healthy second cousin who only eats fruit and vegetables. The pants he's wearing are custom-made.
A slightly annoying second cousin who kicks up lots of dust whenever she moves. So she doesn't move much, out of courtesy.
The upside-down triangle look of this second cousin has been with him since birth. He looks strong, but he's a pacifist who hates fighting.
This second cousin is like Cupid. The hearts on her body change whenever she gets a couple together.
A second cousin whose pink feet shoot out milk, making it hard for her to run. A mammal who's loose with her time.
This second cousin is a masked pro-wrestler. He is very protective of his private life.
This second cousin wants to be in the top three in whatever she does, but she usually ends up around sixth place.
We are not sure where the neck is on this second cousin. He always needs help when putting on a scarf.
A stubborn second cousin. When he disagrees with something, he rotates his head so fiercely that it catches fire.
A gold-medalist second cousin who can swim the 100-meter freestyle without lifting her face to breathe.
A second cousin who can move through the air on windy days. His presence is slight.
This second cousin has strength and flexibility. She can tell how well-done a roast is with her fingertip.
Not even this second cousin knows which is his real face. Good at switching from one to the other to keep people guessing.